Ivor Novello, Christopher Hassell - Waltz Of My Heart.xml
The lark is singing on high The Sun's ashine in the blue The Winter is driven away And Spring is returning anew Who cares what sorrow may bring What storms may tear us apart No sadness can kill the wonder and thrill of the waltz in my heart Waltz of my heart haunting and gay Calling enthrallingly waltzing away Ring out your bells for me ivory keys Weave out your spell for me orchestra please Chorus of wings thrilling the sky While you're inspiring me time hurries by Joy finds a fire in me soon as you start Sweeping your string Waltz of my heart The
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - A Game of Poker.xml
Love is a game of Poker. Ev'ry things wild, and the chips are down. One night you may draw the joker. Next night you may own the town. One look at the cards they've tossed you One look at her, you decide to play. You stay, but they've double crossed you And your hunch has cossed you more than you can pay. You've won but Oh, you've lost your heart along the way so here goes you and I win or lose do or die! But it's sure worth a try, if it's love.
Eddie Boyd - Five Long Years.xml
If you've ever been mistreated, you know just what I'm talkin' about If you've ever been mistreated, you know just what I'm talkin' about I work five long years for one woman and she had the nerve to kick me out.
Tom Odell - Can't Pretend.xml
And I wanna fight but I can't contend Whoa Oh feel our bodies grow And our souls they blend Yeah, love I hope you know how much my heart depends Oh feel our bodies grow And our souls they blend Yeah, love I hope you know how much my heart depends
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - It's Magic.xml
You sigh the song begins you speak and I hear violins it's magic the stars desert the skies and rush to nestlein you eyes it's magic With out a goldenwand or mystic charms fantastic things begin when I am in your arms. When we walk hand in hand the world becomes a wonderland it's magic. How else can I explain the rainbow when there is no rain, it's magic? Why do I tell myself these things that happen are all really true. When in my heart I know the magic is my love for you.
Ray Noble - The Touch Of Your Lips.xml
The touch of your lips upon my brow your lips that are cool and sweet such tenderness lies in their soft caress my heart forgets to beat the touch of your hands upon my head the love in your eyes ashine and now at last the moment divine the touch of your lips on mine.
William Smokey Robinson and Robert Rogers - The Way You Do The Things You Do.xml
You got a smile so bright, you know you could've been a candle. I'm holding you so tight you know you could've been a handle. The way you swept me off my feet, you know you could've been a broom. The way you smell so sweet, you know you could've been some perfume. Well, you could've been anything that you wanted to and I can tell. The way you do the things you do. Ah, baby. As pretty as youare, you know you could've been a flower. If good looks caused a minute, you know that you could be an hour The way you stole my heart, you know you could've been a cool crook. And baby you're so smart, you know you could've been a school book. by. Yes!
Frankie Carle, Bennie Benjamin, George Weiss - Oh! What It Seemed To Be.xml
It was just a neighborhood dance, that's all that it was, but oh what it seemed to be! It was like a masquerade ball with costumes and all 'cause you were at the dance with me. It was just a ride on a train, that's all that it was, but Oh! what it seemed to be! It was like a trip to the stars, to Venus and Mars, 'cause you were on the train with me. And when I kissed you darling, it was more than just a thrill to me; it was the promise darling, of the things that fate had willed for me. It was just a wedding in June, that's all that it was, but Oh! what it seemed tp be! It was like a Royal affair with ev'ry one there, cause you said yes I do to me. it was me.
Noel Coward - Someday I'll Find You.xml
Someday I'll find you Moonlight behind you True to the dream I am dreaming As I draw near you you'll smile a little smile For a little while we shall stand hand in hand I'll leave you never Love you for ever All our past sorrow redeeming Try to make it true Say you love me too Someday I'll find you again
Burton Lane , Alan Jay Lerner - Too Late Now.xml
Too late now to forget your smile, the way we cling when we've danced awhile. Too late now to forget and go on to someone new. Too late now to forget your voice, the way one word makes my heart rejoice. Too late now to imagine myself away from you. All the things we've done together I relive when we're apart. All the tender fun together stays on in my heart. How could I ever close the door, and be the same as I was before? Darling, no, no, I can't any more, it's too late now.
Buck Owens - (It's A) Monsters Holiday.xml
Frankenstein was the first in line and the wolfman came up next Dracula was adoin' his stuff abreathin' down my neck! Jump back, make tracks, here comes the hunchback, better get out of his way, Fefefififofofum, it was a monster's holiday. Well, I hopped into bed and I covered up my head, said, "I'm gonna get a good night's sleepI got woke up about twelve o'clock and I jumped right to my feet. There was gremlins and goblins, dragons and zombies, Lordy what an awful sight I said, "Good buddy you may get me, but brother let me tell you that it's gonna be after the fight."Uncle Bill, well he took ill. and they sent for me to comeWell I had to pass by the old graveyard so I went on the run. There was screamin and moanin' wailin' and groanin', scary as a mummy's curse. I said, "Good Buddy you may get me, but brother let me tell you that you're gonna have to catch me first."
Whyte, Morrissey - SOMETHING IS SQUEEZING MY SKULL.xml
I'm do ing ve ry well I can block out the pre sent and the past now I know by now you think I should have straigh tened my self out thank you drop dead SOME THING IS SQUEE ZING MY SKULL some thing I can bare ly des cribe There is no love in mod ern life  I'm do ing ve ry well its a mir ac le I've ev en made it this far The mot ion of tax is ex cites me when you peel it back and bite me Gim me no mo! Don't gim me no mo! Please don't Gim me no mo! Don't gim me no mo! Please don't dead SOME THING IS SQUEE ZING MY SKULL some thing I can bare ly des cribe There is no love in mod ern life
Steve Graham - Dear Old Donegal.xml
It seems like only yester day I sailed from out of Cork A wanderer from Erin's isle I landed in New York. There wasn't a soul tu greet me there A stranger on your shore But Irish luck was with me here And riches came galore And now that I'm goin' back again To dear old Erin's isle My friends will meet me on the pier And greet me with a smile Their faces sure, I've almost forgot I've been so long away But me mother will intro duce them all And this to me will say Shake hands with your Uncle, Mike, me boy, And here is your sister Kate And there's the girl you used to swing Down by the garden gate Shake hands with all of the neighbors And kiss the colleens all You're as welcome as the flow'rs in May To dear old Donegal. They'll downey, Malone, Brani gan, Fannigan, Milligan, Gilligan, Duffy, McCuffy, Malachy, Mahone, Rafferty, Lafferty, Donnelly, Connelly, Dooley, O'Hooley, MulMadigan, Cadigan, Lanigan, Flanigan, Fagan, O'Hagan, O'Hoolihan, Flynn, Shanihan, Manihan, Fogarty, Hogarty, Kelly, O'Kel ly, Mc
Antonio Carlos Jobim, Ray Gilbert (English Lyrics) - Dindi.xml
Oh, Dindi, If I only had words I would say all the beautiful things that I see when you're with me, Oh, my Dindi. Oh, Dindi, Like the song of the wind in the trees, that's how my heart is singing Dindi, happy Dindi, when you're with me. I love you more each day, Yes, I do; Yes, I do; I'd let you go away if you take me with you. Don't you know, Dindi, I'd be running and searching for you like a river that can't find the sea, that would be me without you my Dindi.
unknown - While strolling through the park.xml
While strolling thru the park one day in the merry merry month of May I was taken by surprise by a pair of roguish eyes in the moment my poor heart was stole a way a smile was all she gave to me we were happy as can be I immediately raised my hat and finally she remarked I never shall forget that lovely afternoon I met her at the fountain in the park.
Robert B. Sherman, Richard M. Sherman - I Wan'na Be Like You.xml
Now I'm the king of the swingers, the jungle V. I. P. I've reached the top and had to stop and that's what's botherin' me. I wanna be a man, mancub and stroll right into town. And be just like the other men, I'm tired of monkeyin' 'round! Oh Ooh, ooh, ooh, I wanna be like you, oo, oo! I wanna walk like you, talk like you, too, oo, oo. You'll see it's true, oo, oo. An ape like me, ee, ee can learn to be huooooman, too, oo, oo. Don't try to kid me, mancub, and don't get in a stew. What I desire is man's red fire, so I can be like you. Give me the secret mancub, just clue me what to do. Give me the pow'r of man's red flow'r, and make a dream come true! Oh too, oo, oo.
Modern English - I'LL MELT WITH YOU.xml
Mov ing for ward using all my breath Making love to you was nev er second best I saw the world thrashing all around your face Never real ly knowing it was al ways mesh and lace I'll stop the world and melt with you You've seen the dif' rence and its get ting bet ter all the time There's noth ing you and I won't do I'll stop the world and melt with you The fut ure's open wide HMM HMM
Johnny Marks - Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree.xml
Rockin' around the Christmas tree at the christmas party hop Mistletoe hung where you can see Ev'ry couple tries to stop Rockin' around the Christmas tree let the Christmas spirit ring later we'll have some pumpkin pie and we'll do some caroling You will get a sentimental feeling when you haer voices singing "let's be jolly Deck the halls with boughs of holly" Rockiin' around the Christmas tree have a happy holiday er'ryone dancing merrily in the new oldfashioned way New old fashioned way
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Would You.xml
He holds her in his arms Would you, would you, He tells her of her charms would you, would you, they met as you and I and they were only friends. But before the story ends He'll kiss her with a sigh would you would you And if the girl were I would you would you And would you dare to say let's do the same as they I would would you
William H. Eaton Jr. - Mary Ann.xml
All day, all night, Mary Ann, Down by the seaside siftin' sand, Even little children love Mary Ann, Down by the seaside siftin' sand.  When she walks along the shore, people pause to greet. Seagulls fly around her, little fish come to her feet. In her heart there's love, but I'm the only mortal man, Who's allow'd to kiss my sweet Mary Ann.  Ma ry Ann, oh Mary Ann, Oh won't you marry me? We could have a bamboo hut, with brandy in the tea. Leave your fat old mama home, she never will say yes. If mama don't know now, Oh, she can guess.  When we marry we will have a time you never saw. I will be so happy, I will kiss me moth'rinlaw! Children by the dozens running 'round the bamboo hut, One for ev'ry palm tree and coco
Mayme Watts, Sid Wyche - All Right, Okay, You Win.xml
Well, alright okay you win I'm in love with you well, alright okay you win baby what can I do I'll do anything you say, it's just gotta be that way well alright okay you win I'm in love with you well alright okay you win baby what can I do Anything you say I'll do as long as it's me and you all that I am asking all I want from you just love me like I love you and it won't be hard to do well, alright okay you win I'm in love with you well alright okay you win baby what can I do I'll do anything you say it's just got to be that way well al man sweet baby take me by the hand well alright okay you win.
Lyle Moraine - Christmas Island.xml
How'd ja like to spend Christmas on Christmas Island? How'd ja like to spend a holiday away accross the sea? How'd ja like to spend Christmas on Christmas Island? How'd ja like to hang your stock ing on a great big coconut tree? How'd ja like to stay up late like the islanders do, Wait for Santa to sail in wioth your presents in a canoe? If you ever spend Christmas on Christmas Island, You will never , for ev'ry day your Christmas dreams come true.
Gordon Lightfoot - Song for a Winter's Night.xml
The lamp is burning low upon my table top, the snow is softly faling. The air is still in the silence of my room, I hear your voice softly calling. If I could only have you near to breathe a sigh or two__ _ _ _ _ I would be happy just to hold the hand I love on this winter's night with you. The smoke is rising in the shadows over head, my glass is almost empty. I read again between the lineson the page, the words of loveyou sent me. If I could know within my heart that you were lonely too__ _ _ _ _ And to be once again with you__ __ And to be once again with you___.
Katie Melua - If you were a sailboat.xml
If you were a cowboy I would trail you, if you were a piece of wood I’d nail you to the floor, if you were a sailboat I would sail you to the shore, if you were a river I would swim you, if you were a house I would live in you all my days, if you were a prea cher I’d begin to change my ways, Sometimes I believe in fate but the chances we create, always seem to ring more true, you took a chance on loving me, I took a chance on loving you If I was in jail I know you'd spring me, if I were a telephone you'd ring me all day long, if I was in pain I know you'd sing me soothing songs. if I was hungry you would feed me, if I was in darkness you would lead me to the light, if I was a book I know you'd read me ev'ry night. If you were a cowboy I would trail you, if you were a piece of wood I’d nail you to the floor, if you were a sailboat I would sail you to the shore, if you were a sailboat I would sail you to the shore.
Art Crafter, Jimmy Nebb - No Arms Can Ever Hold You.xml
No arms can ever hold you, like these arms of mine, No heart can ever love you, like this heart of mine. My dreams can all conme true, If you'll care for me, This love that I feel for you, was just meant to be. No lips can ever kiss you like these lips of mine, No one can ever offer, what I offer you, My heart, my love are yours, 'til the end of time, No arms can ever hold you, like these arms of mine mine.
Chinese Folk Song, English: Wilfred Thomas - Rose, Rose, I Love You.xml
Make way, oh make way For my East ern Rose. Men crowd in dozens ev'rywhere she goes. In her rickshaw on the street or in the cabaret. Please make way for Rose, you can hear them say  Rose, Rose, I love you With your almond eyes. Fragrant and slender 'neath tropical skies, I must cross the seas again and never see you more Way back to my home on a distant shore All my life I shall remember Oriental music and you in my arms, Perfumed flowers in your tresses, Lotus scented breezes and swaying palms. Rose, Rose, I love you My ship is in the bay. Kiss me farewell now, there's nothing to say, East is East and West is West, our worlds are far apart. I must leave you now, but I leave me heart.
Henry Smith 1978 - Give Thanks.xml
give thanks with a grate ful heart give thanks to the Ho ly one give thanks be cause He's giv en Je sus Christ His Son Give thankis with a grate ful heart give thanks to the Ho ly One give thanks be cause He's giv en Je sus Christ His Son And now let the weak say I am strong let the poor say I am rich be cause of what the Lord has done for us now let the weak say I am strong let the poor say I am rich be cause of what the Lord has done for us us give thanks we give thanks we give thanks.
Les Reed, Geoff Stephens - There's A Kind Of Hush.xml
There's a kind of hush all over the world tonight,all over the world you can hear the sounds of lovers in love You know what I mean Just the two of us and nobody else in sight There's nobody else and I'm feeling good Just holding you So listen very carefully Closer now and you will see what I mean It isnt a dream The only sound that you will hear is when I whisin your ear I love you forever and ever There's a kind of hush all over theworld Tonight all over the world You can hear the sounds of lovers in love.
Leo Robin, Ralph Rainger - Here Lies Love.xml
The end has come, my heart is numb, 'twas like a bolt from the blue above. I can't believe it but you are gone, darling, and here lies love. The sky is dark, I hear a lark, he sounds as sad as a mouunful dove. The dew appears like the tears of dawn, darling for here lies love. All my dreams lost beyond recall, dreams of spring blasted in the fall; you gave lips, you gave arms, I gave all! I ought to cry, my eyes are dry; there's only one thing I'm conscious of, I only know that I can't go on, darling, for here lies love.
John W Wright, John W Wright - Dancing.xml
Dancing in the moon light yes we're danc ing in the snow and im danc ing with my heart in knots weve on ly just be gun would you dance take a chance we can dance fine ro mance if we dance take a chance if we dance find ro mance Danc ing in the summer time oh we're danc ing in the rain wont you take a chance and jump in to if you would say your name won't you
Ernest Ball, Chauncey Olcott, George Graff Jr. - When Irish Eyes Are Smiling (with verses).xml
There's a tear in your eye, And I'm wondering why, For it never should be there at all. With such pow'r in your smile, Sure a stone you'd beguile, So there's never a teardrop should fall. When your sweet lilting laughter's like some fairy song And your eyes twinkle bright as can be, You should laugh all the while And all other times smile, So now smile a smile for me. When Irish Eyes Are Smiling, Sure It's like a mornin' Spring In the lilt of Irish laughter. You can hear the angels sing. When Irish hearts are happy. All the world seems bright and gay. And When Irish Eyes Are Smiling, Sure they steal your heart aFor your smile is a part Of the love in your heart, And it makes even sunshine more bright. Like the linnet's sweet song, Crooning all the day long, Comes your laughter so tender and light. For the springtime of life is the sweetest of all. There is ne'er a real care or regret; And while springtime is ours Throughout all of youth's hours, Let us smile each chance we get. way
Horace Silver, Leonard Feather - Lonely Woman.xml
In one room, deep gloom sheltering her from joys she once knew there sits a Lonely Woman believing her life is through. Though she once lived for laughter days bring no spring winter is here to stay for awhile too drained of tears for crying, she's too alone to smile longing for her lover wish that I could tell her grieving too can pass and so this mood soon will lift like a veil then some day she'll stray far from the somber world of the past no more a Lonely Woman she'll follow the sun at last.
Stralsund Gesangbuch, Joachim Neander - Praise Ye the Lord, the Almighty.xml
Praise ye the Lord, the Almight,y, the King of creation. O my soul praise Him for He is thy health and salvation. All ye who hear, Now to His temple draw near. Join me in glad adoration.
Edmund Goulding, Mack Gordon - Mam'selle.xml
A small cafe Mamselle our redezvous mamselle the violins were warm and sweet and so were you mamselle and as the night danced by a kiss became a sigh your lovely eyes seemed to sparkle just like wine does, no heart ever yearned the way that mine does for you and yet I know too well some day you'll say goodbye then violins will cry and so will I mamselle
Cole Porter - Love For Sale.xml
When the only sound in the empty street is the heavy tread of the heavy feet that belong to a lonesome cop, I open shop. When the moon so long has been gazing down on the wayward ways of this wayward town that her smile becomes a smirk, I go to work. Love for sale, Appetizing young love for sale. Love that's fresh and still unspoiled, Love that's only slightly soiled, Love for sale. Who will buy? Who would like to sample my supply? Who's prepared to pay the price For a trip to paradise? Love for sale. Let the poets pipe of love In their childish way, I know ev'ry type of love Better far than they. If you want the thrill of love I've been thru the mill of love; Old love, new love, Ev'ry love but true love. Love for sale, Appetizing young love for sale. If you want to buy my wares, Follow me and climb the stairs, Love for Sale
Al Hoffman, DickManning - Allegheny Moon.xml
Allegheny moon I need your light to help me find romance to night so shine shine shine Allegheny moon your sil ver beams can lead the way to golden dreams so shine shine shine high among the stars so bright above the magic of your lamp of love can make him mine Allegheny moon its up to you please see what you can do for me and for my one and only love!
Marty Robbins - A White Sport Coat.xml
A white sport coat and a pink carnation I'm all dressed up for the dance A white sport coat and a pink carnation I'm all alone in romance Once you told me long ago to the Prom with me you'd go Now you've changed your mind it seems someone else will hold my dreams a white sport coat and a pink carnation I'm in a blue blue mood A mood.
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - All The Way.xml
When somebody loves you, it's no good unless he loves you all the way. Happy to be near you, when you need someone to cheer you all the way. Taller than the tallest tree is, that's how it's got to feel. Deeper than the deep blue sea is, that's how deep it goes, if it's real. When somebody needs you, it's no good unless he needs you, all the way. Thru the good or lean years and for all the in between years, come what may. Who knows where the road will lead us, only a fool would say. But if you let me love you, it's for sure I'm gonna love you all the way, all the way.
Jimmy McHugh, Dorothy Fields - I Can't Give You Anything But Love.xml
I can't give you anything but love Baby; that's the only thing I've plenty of Baby, dream awhile, scheme awhile we're sure to find happiness and, I guess, all those things you've always pined for. Gee, I'd like to see you looking swell, Baby; Diamond bracelets, Woolworth doesn't sell, Baby. 'Till that lucky day, you know damned well, Baby I can't give you anything but love
Eddie Rabbit, Even Stevens, David Malloy - I Love A Rainy Night.xml
Well I love a rainynight I love a rainy night I love to hear the thunder, watch the lightning when it lights up the sky You know it makes me feel good well I love a rainynight its such a beauti ful sight I love to feel the rain on my face taste the rain on my lips in the moon light shadows Showers washed all my cares away I wake up to a sunny day cos I love a rainy night Yeah I love a rainy night Ooh Ooh I love Ooh well I love
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz hart - Manhattan.xml
We'll have Manhattan the Bronx and Staten Island too; it's lovely goingthrough the zoo. It's very fancy on old Delancey Street you know; the subway charms us so, when balmy breezes blow to and fro and tell me what street compares with Mott Street in July, sweet push carts gently gliding by. The great big city's a wond'rous toy just made for a girl and boy We'll turn Manhattan into an isle of joy. We'll go to Greenwich where modern men itch to be free; and Bowling Green you'll see with me. We'll bathe at Brighton, the fish you'll frighten when you're in your bathing suit so thin, will make the shellfish grin fin to fin. I'd like to take a sail on Jamaica Bay with you; and fair Canarsie's Lakes we'll view. The city's bustle cannot destroy the dreams of a girl and boy. We'll turn Manhattan into an isle of
Redd Evans and Dave Mann - There! I've Said It Again.xml
I love you, there's nothing to hide, it's better than burning inside, I love you, no use to pretend, There! I've said it again. I've said it, what more can I say? Believe me there's no other way I love you, I will to the end, There! I've said it again. I've tried to drum up a phrase that would sum up al that I feel for you. But what good are phrazes? The thought that ama zes is you love me, and it's heavenly, Forgive me for wanting you so, but one thing I want you to know, I've loved you since heaven knows when, There! I've said it again.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - There Will Never Be Another You.xml
There will be many other nights like this, when I'll be standing here with someone new. There will be other songs to sing, another fall another spring but there will never be another you. There will be other lips that I may kiss, but they won't thrill me like yours used to do. Yes, I may dream a million dreams but how can they come true. If there will never ever be another you.
Gordon Jenkins - San Fernando Valley.xml
Oh! I'm packin my grip And I'm leavin today 'Cause I'm takin a trip California way I'm gonna settle down and never more roam and make the San Fernando Valley my home. I'll forget my sins, I'll be makin new friends where the West begins and the sunset ends cause i've decided where "yours truly" should be and its the San Fernando Valley for me I think that I'm safe in statin he will be waiting When my lonely journey is done and kindlyold Revrend Thomas Made us a promise He will make the two of us one So I'm hitting the trail To the cow country You can forward my mail Care of R. F. D. I'm gonna settle down and never more roam And make the San Fernando valley my home Oh I'm packinmy
Jesse Stone - Idaho.xml
Away beyond the hills in Idaho where yawning canyons greet the sun as it smiles above the trees in Idaho to say another night in done warm summer winds toss the waving grain calling me back to my home again To dream sweet memories of long ago beyond the hills in Idaho
Carroll Coates, Dick Allen, Peter Daniels - I Still Believe In You.xml
The dreams we used to share, were castles in the air, there's nothing but despair in view. I know that I should grieve, and yet I still believe in you. When people ask me why there's no more you and I, I casually reply we're through. But what does that achieve they know I still believe in you. I never will replace the warmth of your embrace, I'll nurse my heart till we start anew. As long as I may live and have a love to give I'll save it only for you; what else can I do? i know that I will pray, my faith will bring a day when dreamsthat went away will come true. And so I still believe and always will believe in you. The you.
Cole  Porter - So In Love.xml
Strange dear, but true, dear, When I'm close to you dear, The stars fill the sky, So in love with you am I, Even without you, My arms fold about you, You know darling why, So in love with you am I, In love with the night mysterious, The night when you first were there. In love with my joy delir i ous When I knew that you could care. So taunt me and hurt me, deceive me, desert me, I'm yours till I die. So in love, So in love, So in love, with you my love am I. I.
John Stallings 1976 - Learning to Lean.xml
I'm learn ing to lean learn ing to lean learn ing to lean on Je sus find ing more pow er than I'd ev er dreamed I'm learn ing to lean on Je sus the joy I can't ex plain fill my soul since the day I made Jes sus my king His bless ed Ho ly Spir it is lead ing the way He's teach ing and I'm learn ing to lean I'm learn ing to lean learn ing to lean learn ing to lean on Je sus find ing more pow er than I'd ev er dreamed I'm learn ing to lean on Je sus Some times we can be like the man who said my life is full now I have ev ery thing but there is a strong rock in Je sus my Lord through my tri als I've been learn ing to lean I'm learn ing to lean learn ing to lean learn ing to lean on Je sus find ing more pow er than I'd ev er dreamed I'm learn ing to lean on Je sus sad bro ken hearted so often I've knelt and I've found God's peace so ser ene and all that He asks is a child like trust and a heart that is learn ing to lean I'm learn ing to lean learn ing to lean learn ing to lean on Je sus find ing more pow er than I'd ev er dreamed I'm learn ing to lean on Je sus There's glor i ous victory each day now for me I've found His peace so ser ene He helps me with each task if on ly I'll ask ev ery day now I am learn ing to lean I'm learn ing to lean learn ing to lean learn ing to lean on Je sus find ing more pow er than I'd ev er dreamed I'm learn ing to lean on Je sus
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - I've Told Ev'ry Little Star.xml
I've told evry little star just how sweet I think you are why haven't I told you I've told ripples in a brook made my heart an open book why haven't I told you Friends ask me am I in love I always answer yes, might as well confess if I dont they guess Maybe you may know it too oh my darling if you do why haven't you told me,
Gonzalo Roig, Albert Gamse, Jack Sherr - Yours.xml
Yours till the stars lose their glory yours till the birds fail to sing yours to the end of life's story this pledge to you dear I bring yours in the grey of December here or on far distant shores I've never loved any one the way I love you how could I when I was born to be just yours.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - The Most Beautiful Girl in the World.xml
The most beautiful girl in the world picks my ties out, eats my candy drinks my brandy The most beautiful girl in the world. The most beautiful girl in the world isn't Garbo, isn't Dietrich, but the sweet trick who can make me believe it's a wonderful world. social, not a bit. Nat'ral kind of wit. She'd shine any where and she hasn't got platinum hair. The most beautiful house in the world. has a mortgage. What do I care? It's goodbye care when my slippers are next to the ones that belong to the one and only beautiful girl in the world.
Roger Christian, Brian Wilson - Don't Worry Baby.xml
Well it's been burning up inside of me for oh, I don't know how long. I don't know why but I keep thinking something's bound to gooo wrong. But she looks in my eyes and makes me realize and she says, don't worry baby! Everything will turn out alright. Don't worry baby! I guess I should've kept my mouth shut when I started to brag about my car, but I can't back down now because I pushed the other guys too far. She makes me come alive and makes me wanna drive when she says, don't worry baby, every thing will turn out alright. Don't worry baby! She told me baby when you race today just take along my love with you and if you knew how much I loved you baby nothing could go wrong with you. Oh, what she does to me when she makes love to me and she says Don't worry baby, everything will turn out alright. Don't worry baby! everything will turn out alright! Don't worry ba by! OooOooOooOoo!
Barry Manilow, Adrienne Anderson - Could It Be Magic.xml.1
Spirits move me, ev'rytime I'm near you, whirling like a cyclone in my mind. Sweer Melisa, angel of my lifetime, answer to all answers I can find. Baby I love you! Come, come, come into my arms, let me know the wonder of all of you. Now, now, now, and hold on fast, could this be the magic at last?
Plain White T's - HEY THERE DELILAH.xml
Hey there DE LI LAH what's it like in New York Ci ty I'm a thous and miles a way but girl to night you look so pret ty YES you do Times Square can't shine as bright as you I swear its true Hey there DE LI LAH don't you wor ry 'bout the dis tance I'm right there if you get lone ly give this song a noth er list en close your eyes List en to my voice, its my dis guise I'm by your side Oh Its what you do to me Oh its what you do to me Oh its what you do to me OH its what you do to me What you do to me A thous and miles seems pret ty far, but they've got planes and trains and cars I'd walk to you if I had no oth er way Our friends would all make fun of us and we'll just laugh a long because WE KNOW none of them have ev er felt this way DELI LAH I can prom ise you that by the time that we get thru The world will nev er ev er be the same And you're to blame Hey there DE LI LAH you be good and don't you miss me two more years and you'll be done with school and I'll be mak ing hist' ry Like I do You'll know it's all be cause of you We can do what ev er we want to. Hey there DE LI LAH here's to you THIS one's for you
Ray Henderson, B.G.De Sylva, Lew Brown - Button Up Your Overcoat.xml
Button up your overcoat when the wind is free take good care of yourself you belong to me! eat an apple ev'ry day get to bed by three take good care of yourself you belong to me! be careful crossing streets Oo oo don't eat meats Oo oo cut out sweets Oooo you'll get a pain and ru in your tumtum! keep away from bootleg hootch when you're on a spree take good care of yourself you belong to me.
Albert Von Tilzer, Neville Fleeson - In Apple Blossom Time.xml
I'm writing you dear just to tell you, In September, You remember, 'Neath the old apple tree you whisper'd to me, When it blossom'd again, you'd be mine. I've waited until I could claim you, I hope I've not waited in vain, For when it's spring in the valley, I'm coming, my sweetheart again. I'll be with you in ap ple blos som time I'll be with you to change your name to mine, One day in May, I'll come to say, "Happy the bride the sun shines on today." What a wonderful wedding there will be, What a wonderful day for you and me, Church bells will chime, You will be mine, In apple blossom time. time.
Stanley Lebowsky, Herb Newman - The Wayward Wind.xml
Oh the wayward wind is a restless wind a restless wind that yearns to wander and he was born the next of kin the next of kin to the wayward wind In a lonely shack by a railroad track he spent his younger days and I guess the sound of the outward bound made him a slave to his wandring ways oh the waywardOh I met hime there in a border town he vowed we'd never part tho he tried his best to settle down I'm now alone with a broken heart.
Don Everly, Phil Everly - Cathy's Clown.xml
I want your lov in' more and more I want your kisses that's for sure I die each time I hear the sound They're saying Here he comes he's Cathy's clown You know you've got to stand tall you know a man can't crawl and when you let her tell you lies and you let them pass you by you're not a man at all She don't want your lov in'any more she don't want your kiss es that's for sure why do you let her put you down and let them call you Cathy's clown? when you see me shed a tear then you know that I'm sincere I just think it's kind of sad that she's treating you so bad and I'm the one that cares I want your lov in' more and more I want your kiss es that's for sure I die each time I hear the sound they're saying "here he comes he's Cathy's clown you're Cathy's clown you're Cathy's clown"
Victor Young, Jack Elliott - A Weaver of Dreams.xml
You're a weaver of dreams, you and your strange fascination, you're a weaver of dreams, you and your come hither smile; Just to hear you speak can leave me weak as a babe in arms Poor little bab in arms, Helpless before your charms. You're a weaver of dreams, You and your lips warm and tender. Just like Magic it seems, Thrilling enchanting me too; I'm in your spell and there's no cure, I'm lost for sure, 'cause you're a weaver of dreams and I'm in love with you.
Josef Marais - Sugar Bush.xml
(ClapHands) clap, clap, clap clap clap clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, Sugarbush, come dance with me, clap, clap clap, clap, clap, clap, Let the other fellows be. clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, Dance the polka merrily, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, Sugarbush,, come dance with me. clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, Oh, we never not gonna go home! We won't go, we won't go! Oh, we never not gonna go phone, 'Cause mother isn't home! Oh, Sugarbush I love you so, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap I will never let you go. clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap Don't you let your mother know, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap Sugarbush I love you so. clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap Cocolate, you are so sweet: You, yes you, I'd like to eat: If I do, oh, what a treat! Chocolate you are so sweet: Oh, Sugarbush, what shall I do? Mother's not so pleased with you. Promise me you will be true, And I'll come along with
Don Covay - Chain Of Fools.xml
Chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, Chain of fools. For five long years I thought you were my man, But I found out love, I'm just a link in your chain. You got me where you want me, I ain't nothin' but your fool, You treated me mean, You treated me cruel. Chain, chain, chain, Chain of fools. Every chain has got a weak link, I might be weak, child But I'll give you strength. You told me to leave you alone. My father said come on home. My doctor said take it easy, Oh, but your lovin' is much too strong, I'm added to your chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain, chain of fools, One of these mornings the chain is gonna break, But up until then, yeah, I'm gonna take all I can take. Chain, chain, chain,
Cole Porter - True Love.xml
I give to you and you give to me True love true love so on and on it will always be True love true love for you and I have a guardian angel on high with nothing to do but to give to you and to give to me Love forever true.
Harry James, Don Raye - Music Makers.xml
Though the man's dead, somewhere I read Shakespeare once said, "You folks can have the men who make laws, give me the music makers." I'd give my vote, just for one note Mendelssohn wrote, and let you have the men that make laws, give me the music makers. Classic music or low down, I like op'ra or eight beats. There's no need for a showdown, critic say they're all great beats! So, let me repeat, give me the beat, rhythmic or sweet, and you can have the men who make laws, give me the music makers. makers.
Randy Sparks - Today.xml
Today while the blossoms still cling to the vine, I'll taste your strawberries, I'll drink your sweet wine. A million tomorrows shall all pass away Ere I forget all joy that is mine today
Belle and Sebastian - Get me away.xml
Oh, get me away from here I'm dy ing, play me a song to set me free they never write them like they used to so it may as well be me here on my own now after hou rs, here on my own now on a bus, think of it this way: you could ei ther be success ful or be us with our winning smiles and us with our catchy tunes and us now we're photogenic you know we don't stand a chance yeah.
Ritchie Valens - Donna.xml
Oh Don na oh Don na oh Don na Oh Donna I had a girl Donna was her name since she left me I've never been the same cause I love my girl Donna where can you where can you be be where can you be oh darling now that you're gone I dont know what I'll do A'' my smiles and all my love for you I had a girl Donna was her name since she left me I've never been the same Cause I love my girl Donna where can you be where can you be Oh Donna oh Donna oh Donna Oh Don
James F. Hanley - Zing! Went The Strings Of My Heart.xml
Dear, when you smiled at me I heard a melody, It haunted me from the start; Something inside of me Started a symphony, Zing! Went The Strings Of My Heart. 'Twas like a breath of Spring, I heard a robin sing, About a nest set apart; All nature seemed to be In perfect harmony, Strings Of My Heart. Your eyes made skies seem blue again, What else could I do again, But keep repeating through again "I love you, love you!" stili recali the thrill,_ I guess I aiways will,_ I hope 'twill never depart; Dear, with your lips to mine, A rhapsody divine.
Sting - Fields of Gold.xml
You'll remember me when the westwind moves upon the fields of barley. You'll forget the sun in his jealous sky as we walk in fields of gold. So she took her love for to gaze awhile upon the fields of barley. In his arms she fell as her hair came down among the fields of gold Will you stay with me, will you be my love among the fields of barley? We'll forget the sun in his jeal ous dky as we walk in fields of gold. See the westwind move like a lover so upon the fields of barley. Feel her body rise when you kiss her mouth among the fields of gold. I never made promises lightly, and there have been some that I've broken, but I swear in the days still left we'll walk in fields of gold. We'll walk in fields of gold. We'll walk in fields of gold. Many years have passed since those summer days among the fields of barley. See the children run as the sun goes down among the fields of gold. You'll remember me when the westwind moves upon the fields of barley. You can tell the sun in his jealous sky when we walked in fields of gold. when we walked in fields of gold, when we walked in fields of gold.
Celestine Akins - Never Again.xml
Nev er a gain Nev er a gain Will I give up my heart for you Nev er a gain Nev er a gain Will I cry for the things you do You left and my heart was brok en And fool ish words were spok en But down deep in side I tried to hide the love that I had for you Nev er a gain Nev er a gain Will my heart break from lone li ness Nev er a gain Nev er a gain Will I cry for your sweet car ress
Traditional Folk  - Shenandoah.xml
Oh, Shenandoh I long to hear you, Away you rolling river. Oh Shenandoah I long to hear you, Away we're bound away, 'cross the wide Missouri
Maurice Jarre, Paul Francis Webster - Somewhere, My Love.xml
Somewhere my love there will be songs to sing Although the snow covers the hope of spring. Someday a hill blossoms in green and gold And there are dreams all that your heart can hold You'll come to me out of the long ago Warm as the wind soft as the kiss of snow Till then my sweet think of me now and then God speed my love til you are mine again.
Peter De Rose - Rain ( When Ya Gonna Rain Again).xml
Rain, When ya gonna rain again? Rain grow the golden grain again. Shower your blessings on me. Rain, make the rivers deep again. Rain, please don't let me weep again. Shower your blessings on me. The cows in the meadow and the sheep in the corn, they know that something is worng. Old Mother earth can never give birth When you're away so long, Rain, make it green in lover's lane. Rain, for my gal and me again. Shower your blessings on me. me.
Fred Rose, Hy Heath - Take These Chains.xml
Take these chains from my heart and set me free. You've grown cold and no longer care for me. All my faith in you is gone, but the heartaches linger on. Take these chains from my heart and set me free. Take these tears from my eyes and let me see. Just a spark of the love that used to be. If you love somebody new, let me find a new love too. Take these chains from my heart and set me free.   Give my heart just a word of sympathy. Be as fair to my heart as you can be. Then, if you no longer care, for the love that's beating there, take these chains from my heart and set me free Take these chains from my heart and set me free. You've grown cold and no loner care for me. All my faith in you is gone, but the heartaches linger on. Takle these chains from my heart and set me
Joseph Kosma, Jacques Prevert, Johnny Mercer - Autumn Leaves.xml
The falling leaves drift by my window, the autumn leaves of red and gold; I see your lips, the summer kisses, the sunburned hands I used to hold. Since you went away the days grow long, and soon I'll hear old winter's song, but I miss you most of all, my darling, when autumn leaves start to fall.
Jimmy McHugh, Frank Loesser - Can't Get Out Of This Mood (Transcribed).xml
All day long before my eyes come little visions of you. They shouldn't... they mustn't... but they do. Can't get out of this mood. Can't get over this feeling. Can't get out of this mood. Last night your lips were too appealling. The thrill should have been all gone by today, in the usual way, but it's only your arms I'm out of. Can't get out of this dream. What a fool to dream of you. Wasn't part of my scheme to sigh and to tell you that I love you. But I'm saying it, I'm playing it dumb. Can't get out of this mood. Heartbreak here I come. But I'm saying it, I'm playing it dumb. Can't get out of this mood. Heartbreak here I come.
Hedy West - 500 miles.xml
........If you miss the train I'm on, then you'll know that I am gone, You can hear the whistle blow a hundred miles. A hundred miles, a hundred miles, a hundred miles, a hundred miles. You can hear the whisle blow a hundred miles....Lord I'm one, Lord I'm two, Lord I'm three, Lord I'm four, Lord, I'm five hundred milesfrom my home,
Traditional Scots tune, Cliff Hanley ca. 1950 - Scotland The Brave.xml
Hark when the night is falling heart hear the pipes are calling loudly and proudly calling Down thro' the glen there where the hills are sleeping now feel the blood aleaping high as the spirits of the old Highland men Toweringin gallant fame Scotland my mountain hame High may your proud standards gloriously wave land of my high endeavour land of the shining river land of my heart for ever Scotland the brave High in the misty highlands out by the purple islands brave are the hearts that beat beneath Scottish skies
Nicky Chinn, Mike Chapman - Living Next Door To Alice.xml
Sally called when she got the word she said I suppose you've heard about Alice Well I rushed to the window well I looked outside I could hardly believe my eyes As a big limousine rolled up into Alice's drive Dont know why she's leaving or whereshe's gonna go I guess she's got her reasons but I just dont want to go "cos for twentyfour years I've been living next door to Alice Twentyfour years just waiting for the chance to tell her how I feel and maybe get a second glance now I've got to get used to not living next door to Alice We grew up together two kids in the park carved our initials deep in the bark he and Alice Now she walks through the door with her head held high Just for a moment I caught her eye A big limousine pulled slowly out of Alice's drive Alice Alice Sally called back and asked how I felt and she said hey I know how to help get over Alice She said now Alice is gone but I'm still here you know I've been waiting for twentyfour years and the big limousine disappeared. Dont know why she's leaving or where she's gonna go I Now I'll never get used to not living next door to Alice.
Jimmy Van Husen, Eddie DeLange - Darn That Dream.xml
Darn That Dream, I dream each night, You say you love me and you hold me tight, But when I awake you're out of sight, Oh darn that dream. Darn your lips, and darn your eyes, they lift me high above the monlit skies, thenI I tumble out of Paradise. Oh Darn That Dream. Darn that one track mind of mine, it can't under stand that you don't care. Just to change the mood I'm in, I'd welcome a nice old nightmare.Darn That Dream, And bless it too, Without that dream I never would have you But it haunts me and it wont come true, Oh Darn That Dream
Richard Leigh - Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue.xml.1
Don't know when I've been so blue, don't know what's come over you, you've found someone new and Don't it make my brown eyes blue I'll be fine when you're gone, I'll just cry all night long, say it isn't true and don't it make my brown eyes blue. Tell me no seccrets, tell me some lies, give me no reasons, give me alibies. Tell me you love me and don't let me cry, say anything but don't say goodbye. I didn't mean to treat you bad, didn't know just what I had but honey now I do and don't it make my brown eyes blue.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - The Lullaby Of Broadway.xml
Comeon along and listen to the lullaby of Broadway. The hip hooray and ballyhoo, the lullaby of Broadway. The rumble of the subway train, The rattle of the taxis. The daffydils who entertain at Angelo's and Maxie's. When a Broadwayba by says "Goodnight,' it's ear ly in the morning. Manhattan babies don't sleep tight un til the dawn: Goodnight Baby, goodnight milkman's on his way. Sleep tight, Baby, sleep tight, let's call it a day Hey! The hideehi and boopadoo, the lullaby of Broadway. The band begins to go to town, and ev'ry one goes crazy. You rockabye your baby 'round 'til ev'ry things get hazy. Hushabye, I'll buy you this and that you hear a daddy saying. And baby goes home to her flat to sleep all day: Let's call it a day. Listen to the lullaby of old Broadway.
Iram Kosloff, Maurice Mysels - I Want You, I Need You, I Love You.xml
Hold me close hold me tight make me thrill with delight let me know where I stand from the start I want you I need you I love you with all my heart ev'ry time that you're near all my cares disappear darling you're all that I'm living for I want you I need you I love you more and more I thought I could live without romance before you came to me but now I know that I will go on loving you eternally won't you please be my own? never leave me alone cause I die ev'ry time we're apart I want you I need you I love you with all my heart.
Irving  Berlin, Irving Berlin - The Best Things Happen While You're Dancing.xml
The best things happen while you're dancing. things that you would not do at home come natur'lly on the floor. For dancing soon becomes romancing when you hold a girl in your arms that you've never held be.fore. Even guys with two left feet come out alright if the girl is sweet, if by chance their cheeks should meet while dancing proving that the best things happen while you dance. The dance.
Ray Gilmore, Johnny Madara, Dave White - Sadie The Cleaning Lady.xml
Sadie the cleaning lady with trustedscrubbing brush and pail of water worked her fingers to the bone for the lad she had at home providing at the same time for her daughter Oh her aching knees not getting any younger well her red detergent hands had for years not held a mans and time would find her heart expired of hung er scrub you floors do your chores dear old Sadie looks as though you'll always be a cleaning lady cant afford to get bored dear old Sadie Looks as though you'll always be a cleaning lady Oh
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Isn't It Romantic?.xml
Isn't it romantic? Music in the night, a dream that can be heard. Isn't it romantic? Moving shadows write the olddest magic word. I hear the breezes playing in the trees above. While all the world is saying you were meant for love. Isn't it romantic? Merely to be young on such a night as this? Isn't it romantic? ev'ry note that's sung is like a lovers kiss. Sweet symbols in the moonlight, do you mean that I will fall in love per chance? Isn't it romance? Isn't it romanmance?
Vaclav Blaha, Mitchell Parish - The Blue Skirt Waltz.xml.2
I dream of that night with you Lady when first we met We danced in a world of blue, How can my heart forget Blue were the skies and blue were your eyes, Just like the blue skirt you wore Come back blue lady come back Don't be blue anymore
Bon Jovi - Lay Your Hands On Me.xml
Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me. If you're ready, I'm willing and able. Help me lay my cards out on the table. You're mineand I'm yours for the taking. Right now the rules we made are meant for breaking. What you get ain't always what you see, but satisfaction is guaranteed. They say what you give is always what you need.So,if you want me to lay my hands on you:Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me. Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me. Now I'm a fighter, I'm a poet, I'm a preacher. I've been to school and baby I've been the teacher.If you show me how to get up off the ground.I can show you how to fly and never ever come back down. Ev'ry thing you want is what I need, your satisfaction is guaranteed. But the ride don't never ever come for free, no.Don't you know I only aim to please. If you want me to lay my hands on you:Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me. Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me. Whoa,whoa,Lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me, lay your hands on me.
Seymour Simons, Gerald Marks - All of Me Intro.xml.1
You took my kiss es and you took my love You taught me how to care Am I to be just the rem nant of a one sid ed love af fair? All you took, I glad ly gave, There's noth ing left for me to save.
Ryan Tedder - Counting stars.xml
Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard, said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Yeah, we'll be counting stars. I see this life like a swinging vine, swing my heart across the line, in my face is flashing signs, seek it out and you shall find. Oh, but I'm not that old, young, but I'm not that bold, I don't think the world is sold, I'm just doing what we're told. I feel something so right doing the wrong things. I feel something so wrong doing the right things. I could lie, could lie, could lie. Ev'rything that kills me makes me feel alive. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard, said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard, said no more counting dollars, we'll be (ooh)we'll be counting stars. I feel the Love and I feel it burn. Down the river, ev'ry turn, hope is a fourletter word make that money, watch it burn. Oh, but I'm not that old, young, but I'm not that bold, I don't think the world is sold, I'm just doing what we're told. I feel something so right doing the wrong things. I feel something so wrong doing the right things. I could lie, could lie, could lie. Ev'rything that kills me makes me feel alive. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard, said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard, said no more counting dollars, we'll be (ooh)we'll be counting stars. Take that money! Watch it burn! Sink in the river the lessons are learnt. Take that money! Watch it burn! Sink in the river the lessons are learnt. Take that money! Watch it burn! Sink in the river the lessons are learnt. Ev'rything that kills me makes me feel alive. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard, said no more counting dollars, we'll be counting stars. Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep, dreaming about the things that we could be. But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard, said no more counting dollars, we'll be (ooh)we'll be counting Take that money! Watch it burn! Sink in the river the lessons are learnt. Take that money! Watch it burn! Sink in the river the lessons are learnt. Take that money! Watch it burn! Sink in the river the lessons are learnt.
Cole Porter - Night and Day.xml
Night and day you are the one Only you beneath the moon or under the sun Whether near to me or far it's no matter darling where you are I think of you night and day Day and night why is it so that this longing for you follows whereever I go In the roaring traffic's boom In the silence of my lonely room I think of you night and day Night and day under the hide of me There's an oh such a hungry yearn ing burning inside of me And this torment won't be through 'til you let me spend my life making love to you day and night night and day
Traditional Irish Folk Song - The Black Velvet Band.xml
Her eyes, they shone like the diamonds, I thought her the queen of the land. And her hair hung over her shoulder, Tied up with a black velvet band.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - I Whistle A Happy Tune.xml
Whenever I feel afraid I hold my head erect and whistle a happy tune, so noone will suspect I'm afraid while shivering in my shoes I strike a careless pose and whistle a happy tune and noone ever knows I'm afraid the result of this de ception is very strange to tell for when I fool the people I fear, I fool myself as well! I whistle a happy tune and evry single time the happiness in the tune convin ces me that I'm not a fraid.
Burton Lane, Alan Jay Lerner - On A Clear Day .xml
On a clear day rise and lood around you and you'll see who you afre on a clear day how it will astound you that the glow of your being outshines evry star You feel part of evry mountain sea and shore you can hear from far and near a world you've never heard before and on a clear day on that clear day you can see forever and ever more on a ever and ever and ever more
Dimitri Tiomkin, New Washington - Wild Is The Wind.xml
Love me, love me say you do. Let me fluy away with you, for my love is like the wind and wild is the wind! ive me more than one caress; satisfy this hungriness. Let the wind blow through your heart, for wild is the wind! You touch me; I hear the sound of mandolins. You kiss me, and with that kiss the world begins. You're spring to me, all things to me. You're life itself! Like a leaf clings to a tree, oh, my darling cling to me, for we're creatures of the wind and wild is the wind, the wind. Wild is my love for you.
Benny Goodman, Edgar Sampson, Mitchel Parish - Don't Be That Way.xml
Don't cry, Oh, honey please don't be that way, clouds in the sky should never make you feel that way. The rain will bring the violets in May, tears are in vain, so, honey please don't be that way. As long as we see it through, you'll have me, I'll have you sweetheart, tomorrow is another day, don't break my heart, oh, honey please don't be that way. Don't way.
Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes (Transcribed).xml
They asked me how I knew my true love was true. Oh... Ohh I of course replied something here inside can not be denied. They said someday you'll find all who love are blind. Oh... Ohh When your heart's on fire you must realize smoke gets in your eyes. So I chaffed them and I gaily laughed to think they could doubt my love. Yet today my love has flown away; I am without my love. Now laughing friends deride tears I can not hide. Oh... Ohh So I smile and say when a lovely flame dies smoke gets in your eyes, Smokegets in your eyes.
Kevin Cavanaugh - OUT TO LUNCH.xml
While evryone is out to lunch today at twelve I've got a date to go and help myself For something prepared at home I need one hour alone, to be with my baby whose plans are the same as mine Judy I'm sorry I can't join you for buffet I've got a smorgasbord waiting so out of my way I don't need a coffee break today the break at noon will be enough while your out to lunch my baby and I will be in love in LOVE !
Dick Feller - Some Days Are Diamonds.xml
When you ask how I've been here without you I like to say I've been fine and I do but we both know the truth is hard to come by and if I told the truth, that's not quite true Some days are diamonds some days are stone sometimes the hard times won't leave me alone sometimes the cold winds blow a chill in my bones Some days are diamonds some days are stone.
Bert Kaempfert and Milt Gabler - L-O-V-E.xml
L is for the way you Look at me. O is for the Onlyone I see. V is Ver y, very ex tra or di nar y, E is E ven more than an y one that you a dore can Love is all that I can give to you, Love is more than just a game for two. Two in Love can make it, Take my heart and please don't break it. Love was made for me and you. you That's al most true. For me and you.
Saul Chaplin, H. H. Zaret, Sammy Cahn - Dedicated To You.xml
If I should write a book for you, That brought me fame and fortune too, That book would be, like my heart and me, "Dedicated to you!" And if i should paint a picture too, That showed the lovlines of you, The art would be, like my heart and me, "Dedicated to you!" To you, because your love is the beacon that lights up my way, Toy you because with you, I know, a lifetime could be just one heavenly day. If I should find a twinkling star, one half so wondrous as you are, That star would be, like my heart and me, "Dedicated to you!" you!"
Roy Brodsky, Sid Tepper - Red Roses for a Blue Lady.xml
It happened in a flower shop just the other day When I went tyo order a bouquet I walked up to the florist but before I could begin. A man rushed in and then I heard him say I want some red roses for a blue lady Mister Florist take my order please We had a silly quarrel the other day Hope these pretty flowers chase her blues away wrap up some red roses for a blue lady send them to the sweetest gal in town and if they do the trick I'll hurry back to pick your best white orchid for her wedding gown. I want some gown.
Nat Bonx, Moe Jaffe, Jack Fulton - If You Are But A Dream.xml
If you are but a dream, I hope I never waken, It's more than I could bear to find that I'm forsaken, If you're a fantasy then I'm content to be in love with lovely you, And pray my dream comes true. I long to kiss you but I would not dare, I'm so afraid that you may vanish in the air. So darling if our romance would break up, I hope I never wake up if you are but a dream.
Slim Gaillard - The Flat Foot Floogie.xml
Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy, floy doy floy doy floy doy floy doy. The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy. The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy. The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy, floy doy floy doy floy doy floy doy. When you're feeling low down. Don't know what to do. And you want a show down Here's the dance, the dance, the dance for you. The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy, The Flat Foot Floogie with the floy floy floy doy floy doy floy doy. floy doy The
Albert Gamse - Scarborough Fair.xml
Are you going to Scarborough fair? parsley sage rosemary and thyme; remember me to one who lives there, for once she was a true love of mine Have her make me a cambric shirt, parsley sage rosemary and thyme, without a seam or fine needle work and then she'll be a true love of mine Have her wash it in yonder dry well, parsley sage, rosemary and thyme where ne'er a drop of water e'er fell and then she'll be a true love of mine
Jerry Lieber, Mike Stoller - Don't.xml
Dont dont thats what you say each time that I hold you this way when I feel like this and I want to kiss you ba by dont say dont if you think that this is just a game I'm play ing If you think that I dont mean ev ry word I'm say ing dont dont dont feel that way I'm your love and yours I will stay This you can believe I will never leave you heaven knows I wont baby dont say dont.
George F. Root - Just Before The Battle, Mother.xml
Just before the battle, mother, I am thinking most of you, While upon the field we're watching, with the enemy in view. Comreades brave are 'round me lying, Filled with tho'ts of home and God; For well they know that on the morrow, Some will sleep beneath the sod. Farewell mother, you may never, Press me to your heart again; But oh, you'll not forget me, mother, If I'm numbered with the slain.
Mort Shuman, Doc Pomus - No One.xml
No one ever kissed me the way that you do. And no one ever told me, "I love you." No one ever cared, no one ever shared all those dreams that I dreamed would come true. No one ever hurt me the way that you do, 'Cause no one ever broke my heart in two. But I'll keep on caring my whole life through For no one, no one but you. you.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Pagan Love Song.xml
Come with me where moonbeams light Tahitian skies, and the starlit waters linger in your eyes. Native hills are calling to them we belong, and we'll cheer each other with the Pagan Love Song.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Broadway Melody.xml
Don't bring a frown to old Broadway, You've got to clown on Broadway. Your troubles there are out of style, For Broadway always wears a smile. A million lights they flicker there, A million hearts beat quicker there, No skies of grey on the great White Way, That's the Broadway melody.
Burton Lane, Harold Adamson - Everything I Have Is Yours.xml
Ev'ry thing I have is yours. You're part of me. Ev'rything I have is yours, my des ti ny. I would glad ly give the sun to you if the sun were on ly mine. I would glad ly give the earth to you and the stars that shine. Ev'rything that I posess I offer to you Let my dream of happiness come true. I'd be happy just to spend my life waiting at your beck and call. Ev'rything I have is yours, my life, my all.
Harry Noble - Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me.xml
Hold me hold me never let me go until you've told me told me what I want to know and then just hold me hold me make me tell you I'm in love with you thrill me thrill me walk me down the lane where shadows will be will be hiding lovers just the same as we"ll be we"ll be when you make me tell you I love you they told me be sensible with your new love don't be fooled thinking this is the last you'll find but they never stood in the dark with you love when you take me in your arms and drive me slowly out of my mind kiss me kiss me and when you do I know that you will miss me, miss me if we ever say adieu so kiss me kiss me make me tell you I'm in love with you hold me tight never let me go.
'Non Dignus' Traditional before 1871, From Landshuter Gesangbuch 1777 - Oh, Lord I Am Not Worthy.xml
Oh Lord I am not worthy That Thou should'st come to me; But speak the word of comfort, My spirit healed shall be.
Johnny Mercer - Autumn Leaves.xml
The fallling leaves, drift by my window. The falling leaves of red and gold. I see your lips, the summer kisses, the sunburned hands, I used to hold Since you went a way, the days grow long and soon I'll hear, old winters song. but I miss you most of all, my darling, when Autum leaves start to fall.
Merle Haggard - Somewhere Between.xml
Somewherebetween your heart and mine theres a window that I cant see through theres a wall so high it reaches the sky somewhere between me and you
Harry Warren, Billy Rose, Mort Dixon - I Found A Million Dollar Baby.xml
It was a lucky April shower, it was the most convenient door. I found a million dolwar baby, In a five and ten cent store. The rain continued for an hour, I hung around for three or four, around a million dollar baby In a five and ten cent store. She was selling china amd when se made those eyes, I kept buying china until the crowd got wise. Incident'ly, if you should run into a shower, just setp inside my cottage door and meet the million dollar baby from the five and ten cent store. store.
Alec Wilder - It's So Peaceful In The Country.xml
The skyline of New York is a splendid sight. I know Chicago's loop is magical at night. The natives of Cleveland of 'Frisco and Boston and natives of cit ties a stranger gets lost in, all of them tell you their cit ies the best. From deep in the south and from out in the west. Perhaps ity's all true but from my point of view. It's so peaceful in the country. It's so simple and qui et, you really ought to try it you walk about you talk about the pleasant things in life. wife. City living is a pretty living, it's so full of unexpected thrills. But there's too much stone, too much telephone There's too much of every things but trees and hills. It's so peaceful in the country It's so simple and quiet some day you're bound to try it the only place to be, the place for you and me, where it's peaceful in the country.
Howard Haney - Keep On The Firing Line.xml
if you're in the bat tle for the Lord and right keep on the fi ring line If you win my bro ther you must sure ly fight Keep on the fi ring line there are man y dan gers that we all must face if we die still fight ing it is no dis grace cow ards in the ser vice will not find a place so kep on the fi ring line Oh you must fight be brave a gainst all e vil nev er run nor ev en lag be hind If you would win for God and the right just keep on the fi ring line God will on ly use the sold ier He can trust keep on the fi ring line If you'll wear a crown then bear the cross you must keep on the fi ring line life is but a labor for the Mas ter dear help to ban ish ev il and to spread good cheer great you'll be re war ded for your serv ice here so keep on the fi ring line Oh you must fight be brave a gainst all e vil nev er run nor ev en lag be hind If you would win for God and the right just keep on the fi ring line when we get to hea ven bro ther we'll be glad keep on the fi ring line how we'll praise the Sav ior for the call he had keep on the fi ring line when we see the souls that we have helped to win lead ing them to Je sus from the paths of sin with a shout of wel come we will all march in so keep on the fi ring line. Oh you must fight be brave a gainst all e vil nev er run nor ev en lag be hind If you would win for God and the right just keep on the fi ring line
Peter De Rose, George Brown - Have You Ever Been Lonely.xml
Have you ever been lonely? Have you ever been blue? Have you ever loved someone? Just as I love you? Can't you see I'm sorry, for each mistake I made? Can't you see I've changed, dear, Can't you see I've paid? Be a little forgiving take be back in your heart, How can I go on living, now that we're apart. If you knew what I've been thru, You would know why I ask you, Have you never been lonely? Have you ever been blue? Have you ever been blue.
Sharon Sheeley - Poor Little Fool.xml
1) I used to play around with hearts and hasten at my call, but when I met that little girl I knew that I would fall. Poor little fool oh yeah, I was a fool uhhuh. 1) She played around and teased me with her carefree devil eyes She'd hold me close and kiss me but her heart was full of lies 2) She told me how she cared for me and that we'd never part. And so for the very first time I gave away my heart. 3) The next day she was gone and I knew she'd lied to me. She left me with a broken heart and won her victory 4) I've played this game with other hearts, butnever thought I'd see the daywhen someone else would play those foolish games with me. Poor little fool, Oh yeah, I was a fool, uhhuh
Ary Barroso, S. K. Russell - Brazil.xml
Brazil, Where hearts were entertaining June, We stood beneath an amber moon, And softly murmured "Someday soon." We kissed, and clung together. Then tomorrow was another day. The morning found me miles away, With still a million things to say. Now, when twilight dims the sky above, Re calling thrills of our love, There's one thing I'm certain of; Return I will, To old Brazil. Bra
Madera, White - You Don't Own Me.xml
You Don't Own Me I'm not just one of your man ly toys You Don't Own Me Don't say I can't go with oth er boys! Don't tell me what to do Don't tell me what to say Please, when I go out with you Don't put me on dis play Be cause:  You Don't Own Me Don't try to change me in an y ways You Don't Own Me Don't tie me down 'cuz I'd nev er stay! I don't tell you what to say I don't tell you whom to do Just let me be my self That's all I ask of you! I'm Young and I love to be young I'm free and I love to be free To live my life the way I want ! Say and do what ev er I please IN STRUM EM TAL I Don't tell me what to do Don't tell me what to say Please, when I go out with you Don't put me on dis play Be cause: don't tell you what to say I don't tell you whom to do Just let me be my self That's all I ask of you! I'm Young and I love to be young I'm free and I love to be free To live my life the way I want ! Say and do what ev er I please YOU DON'T OWN ME!
Harry Warren, Jack Brooks - Innamorata (Sweetheart).xml
If our lips should meet, Innamorata, kiss me, kiss me sweet Innamo rata. Hold me close and say you're mine, with a love as warm as wine. I'm at Heaven's door, Innamorata. Want you more and more, Innamorata. You're a symphony, a very beautiful sonata, my Innamorata, say that you're my sweetheart, my love. love.
Hugh Martin, Ralph Blane - Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas.xml.1
When the steeple bells sound their "A", They don't play it in tune. But the welkin will ring one day, And that day will be soon. Have yourself a merry little Christmas; Let your heart be light From now on, our troubles will be out of sight. Have yourself a merry little Christmas; Make the Yuletide gay. From now on, our troubles will be miles away Here we are as in olden days, hap py golden days of yore; Faith ful friends who are dear to us gath er near to us once more. Through the years we all will be together if the fates allow. Hang a shining star upon the highest bough And have yourself a merry little Christmas now.
Phil Thornalley, Anne Previn, Scott Cutler - Torn.xml
I thougt I saw a man brought to life. He was warm, he came around like he was dignified. He showed me what it was to cry. Well, you couldn't be that man I adored. You don't seem to know or seem to care what your heart is for. Well, I don't know him analready torn. Torn. Torn.
Walter Donaldson - My Mom.xml
I`ve got one real friend more than a friend I find The way I feel friend she`s all of this heart of mine I`m all for her I know she`ll always be for me I`m on my way friend I`m going home to see my mom I love her My mom youd love her Who wouldn`t love her my mom? That sweet somebody thinks I'm somebody My pal my buddy my mom Anything I do She's my only inspi ration Anytime I'm blue She's my only consolation As years come on her I gaze upon her she's my Madonna my Ny pal my buddy my mom Yes, She's my Madonna my Mom.
Beverly Ross & Julius Dixon - Lollipop.xml
Lol li pop, Lolli pop Oh lolli lolli lolli, lollipop, lollipop, Oh lolli, lolli, lolli, lollipop, lollipop, oh, lolli, lolli, lolli, lollipop Call my baby Lollipop Tell you why Her kiss is sweeter than an apple pie And when she does her shaky rockin dance Man I haven't got a chance. I call her Lollipop Lollipop Oh, lolli, lolli, lolli, Lollipop lollipop Oh, lolli lolli lolli Lollipop Lollipop, Oh, lolli, lolli, lolli Lollipop.
Fanny J Crosby, Phoebe P Knapp - Blessed Assurance.xml
Blessed assurance Jesus is mine O what a foretaste of glory divine Heir of salvation purchase of God born of his spirit washed in his blood. This is my story this is my song praising my saviour all the day long this is my
E. Smith, M. Baker and S. Robinson - Love Is Strange.xml
Love! Love is strange. Lot of people take it for a game. Once you get it you never want to quit. After you've had it, you're in an awful fix. Many people don't understand; they think loving is money in the hand. You're sweet loving is better than a kiss. When you leave me sweet kisses are missed. Baby, Oh, Oh baby, my sweet bayou're the one. Baby, Oh baby, my sweet baby, you're the one.
Ruth Lowe - I'll Never Smile Again.xml
I'll never smile again until I smile with you. I'll never laugh again, What good would it do? For tears would fill my eyes my heart would realize that our romance is through. I'll never love again I'm so in love with you. I'll never thrill again to somebody new. Within my heart I know I will never start to smile again, until I smile at you.
Sammy Fain, Paul Francis Webster - Secret Love.xml
Once I had a secret love that lived within the heart of me all too soon my secret love became impatient to be free So I told a friendly star the way that dreamers often do just how wonderful you are and why I'm so in love with
Vincent Youmans, Irving Caesar - I Want To Be Happy.xml
I want to be happy, but I won't be happy, Till I make you happy too. Life's really worth living, When we are nirth giving; Why can't I give some to you? When skies are gray and you say you are blue, I'll send the sun smiling through. I want to be happy, but I won't be happy, Till I make you happy, too. too.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - How Long Has This Been Going On.xml
I could cry salty tears Where have I been all these years? Little wow, Tell me now How long has this been going on There were chills up my spine, And some thrills I can't define Listen sweet, I repeat How long has this been going on Oh, I feel that I could melt Into heaven I'm hurled I know how Colombus felt finding another word Kiss me once then once more That make thrice let's make it four! What a break! for heaven's sake! How long has this been going on
Everett Gordon - Let Every Day Be Christmas In Your Heart.xml
Tinsel and holly and ribbons and toys, That's how each Christmas should start. This is the season for all to enjoy, Let ev'ry Day Be Christmas In Your Heart. Folks singing carols all over the town, Christmas trees dressed up so smart. After the trees and the tinsel comes down Let Ev'ry Day Be Christmas In Heart. Silent night holy night, Peace on earth let all proclaim. All is calm, all is bright, let ev'ry day be the same. Soon all reminders of Christmas are gone, days of December depart. Try to remember and with each bright new dawn, Let Ev'ry Day Be Christmas  In Your Heart.
Richard A. Whiting, Gus Kahn - Ukelele Lady.xml
I saw the spledor of the monlight on Honolulu Bay. There's something tender in the moonlight, on Honolulu Bay. And all the beaches Are full of peaches who bring their "ukes" along, And in the glimmer of the moonlight They love to sing this song: If you like a Ukelele Lady, Ukelele Lady like a you. If you like to linger where it's shady Ukelele Lady linger too. If you kiss a Ukelele Lady While you promise ever to be true, And she see another Ukelele Lady fool around with you. Maybe she'll sigh, Maybe she'll cry, Maybe she'll find somebody else bye and bye to sing to. When it's cool and shady where the tricky WickiWackies woo, If you like a Ukelele lady, Ukelele lady likea you.
Del Shannon, Max Crook - Runaway.xml
As I walk along I wonder what went wrong with our love, a love that was so strange. And as I still walk on I think of the things we've done together while our hearts were young. I'm awalkin' in the rain. Tears are fallin' and I feel a pain, Awishin' you were here by me To end this misery. And I wonder, wowowowowonder why, whywhywhywhywhy she ran away, And I wonder where she will stay, My little Runaway, runrunrunrunRunaway. Runaway.
Kevin Cavanaugh - IT DOESN'T RAIN ANYMORE.xml
I'm kind a hurt by the feel ings you left me I wan na from your heart in dis guise I'm no win ner ev er since you left me now that some one else has made you their prize And ev' ry bod y thinks that I was a jok er I on ly want ed you for the best of my pride but I'm not laugh ing in the face of "their de cis ions" May be they're right? How's the weath er out side? IT DOES N'T RAIN AN Y MORE IT JUST POURS IT DOES N"T RAIN AN Y MORE IT JUST POURS IT DOES N"T RAIN AN Y MORE IT JUST POURS  I can't car ry on like this for ev er walk ing a round on ly wish ing to sleep I don't drown in the sor row when I slum ber on ly day to day of ev' ry wak ing week May be to mor row you'll change your heart, girl May be to mor row you'll dis cov er the light and I tell you ev er since you've been gone, girl I have n't tried I still see us hand in hand I still see you with me but I don't think we'll be hand in hand When I wake up from this dream IT DOES N"T RAIN AN Y MORE IT JUST POURS
Traditional - Road To The Isles.xml
It's a far croonin' that is pullin' me away as take I wi' my cromak to the road. The far Cuillins are puttin' love on me as step I wi' the sunlight for my load. Sure by Tunnel and Loch Rannoch and Loch Aber I will go, By heather tracks wi' heaven in their wiles. If it's thinkin' in your inner heart braggart's in my step you've never smelt the tangle o' the isles. Oh the far Cuillins areput putting love on me, As step I wi' my cromak to the Isles.
Thomas P. Westendorf - I'll Take You Home Again, Kathleen.xml
I'll take you home again Kathleen across the ocean wild and wide to where your heart has ever been since first you were my bonny bride the roses all have left your cheek I've watched them fade away and die your voice is sad when e'er you speak and tears bedim your loving eyes Oh I will take you back Kathleen to where your heart will feel no pain and when the fields are fresh and green I'll take you to your home again.
Geoffrey O'Hara - K-K-K-Katy.xml
Jimmy was a soldier brave and bold. Katy was a maid with hair of gold. Like an act of fate, Kate was standing at the gate, Watching all the boys on dress parade. Jimmy with the girls was just a gawk. Stuttered ev'ry time he trid to talk. Still that night at eight, He was there at Katy's gate. Stuttering to her this love sick cry, KKKKaty, beautiful Katy You're the on ly ggggril that I adore; When the mmmmoon shines, over the cowshed, I'll be waiting at the kkkkitchen door.
Jimmy McHugh, Al Dubin - The South American Way.xml
Hiyi Hiyi have you ever danced in the tropics in that hazy la zy like kind of cra zy like South Amer ican way Hiyi hiyi have you ever kissed in the moonlight in the grand and glo rious gay notor ious South Amer ican way way the latin scheme of love is like a dream of love a latin stream of love is in their veins they'll buy a jewel for you or fight a duel for you or drive a mule for you across the plains hiyi hiyi there is melody in their music while the gauchos sing it come on and swing it the South Amer ican way.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - It's You Or No One.xml
It's you or no one for me, I'm sure of this, each time we kiss. Now and forever, and when forever's done, you'll find that you are still the one. Please don't say "No" to my plea, cause if you do, then I'm all through. There's this about you; my world's and empty world without you, It's you or no one for me. me.
trad. English or Scots ca. 17th C., trad. English or Scots - The Water Is Wide (O Waly, Waly).xml
The water is wide I cant cross o'er and neith er have I wings to fly build me a boat that can carry two and both shall row my love and I There is a ship and she sails the sea she's loaded up as deep can be but not so deep as the love I'm in I know not how I sink or swim Oh love so gentle love is kind the sweetest flower when first its new but love grows old and waxes cold and fades a way like morn ing dew and fades away like morning dew
Zeke Clements, Eddy Arnold - Just a little lovin'.xml
Ever since that time be gan love has ruled the world Even Adam set the pace and started it awhirl I met you and now I know that you're the one for me come on back and you will plainly see just a little lovin will go a long way and you will make me happy the rest of my days put your arms around me then I'll be your slave cause just a little lovin will go a long way. Dont be lieve you really know how much I love you If you did you'd come on back and make my dreams come true Your,eyes your lips your loving kisses seem to linger yet I'll forgive but please dont you forget
Art Kassel, Mel Stitzel - Doodle Doo Doo.xml
Please play for me, that sweet melody called doodle doo doo, doodle doo doo. I like the rest but what I like best, is doodledoo doo doodle doo doo Simplest thing, There's nothing much to it, Don't have to sing, Just doodle doo doo it. I love it so Wherever I go, I doodle doo doodle doo doo.
Gus Edwards, Will Cobb - School Days.xml
Nothing to do, Nellie Darl ing, Nothingto do, you say, Lets take a trip on memory's ship, Back to the bygone days. Sail to the old village school house, Anchor out side the school door, Look in and see, There's you and there's me, A couple of kids once more.  School days, school days, Dear old golden rule days. Readin' and 'ritin' and 'rithmetic, Taught to the tune of a hick'ry stick. You were my queen in calico, I was your bashful barefoot beau, And you wrote on my slate, "I love you, Joe," When we were a couple of kids. 'Member the hill, Nellie Darling? And the oak tree that grew on its brow They've built forty stories up on that old hill And the oak's an old chestnut now 'Member the meadows so green, dear So fragrant with clover and maize? In to new city lots and preferred bus'ness plots They've cut them up since those days
Matt Dennis, Tom Adair - The Night We Called It A Day.xml
There was a moon out in space, But a cloud drifted over it's face, You kissed me and went on your way, The night we called it a day. I heard the song of the spheres, Like a minor lament in my ears, I hadn't the heart left to pray, The night we called it a day. Soft thru' the dark, The hoot of an owl in the sky, Sad tho' his song, No bluer was he than I; The moon went down, Stars were gone, But the sun didn't rise with the dawn, There wasn't a thing left to say the night we called it a day. There was a night we called it a day.
Luther Vandross - Dance With My Father.xml
Back when I was a child Before life removed all the innocence My father would lift me high, And dance with my mother and me and then Spin me around til I fell asleep. Then up the stairs he would carry me, And I knew for sure I was loved, If I could get another chance Another walk, Another dance with him I'd play a song that would never ever end How I'd love, love, love To dance with my father again. When I and My Mother would Disagree, To get my way I would run from her to him. He'd make me laugh just to comfort me, Then finally make me do just what my mama said. Later that night when I was asleep He left a dollar under ny sheet. Never dreamed that he'd be gone from me. If I could steal one final glance One final step, One final dance with Him I'd play a song that would never, ever end Cause I'd love, love, love, To dance with my father again. Sometimes I'd listen outside her door And I'd hear how mama would cry for him I'd pray for her even more than me I'd pray for her even more than me. I know I'm praying for much too much but could you send her the only man she loved I know you dont do itusually But Dear Lord she's dying To dance with my father again. Ev 'ry night I fall asleep, and this is all I ever dream.
Eddie Pola, Geroge Wylie - It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year.xml
It's the most wonderful time of the year, with the kids jingle belling and ev'ryone telling you, "Be of good cheer." It's the most wonderful time of the year.   It's the  2. haphappiest season of all, with those holiday greetings and gay happy meetings, when friends come to call. It's the happiest season of all. There'll be parties for hosting, marshmallows for toasting and caroling out in the snow. There'll be scary ghost stories and tales of the glories of Christ mas es long, long ago.   It's the  most wonderful time of the year, there'll be much mistletoing and hearts will be glowing when loved ones are near, It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Harold Arlen, Ira Gershwin - Fun To Be Fooled.xml
Fun to be fooled, fun to pretend, Fun to believe love is unending. Thought I was done, Still it is fun, being fooled again. Nice when you tell, all that you feel; Nice to be told this is the real thing; Fun to be kissed, Fun to exist, to be fooled again.. It's that old devil moon having his fling once more; Telling me it's spring once more; I'm afraid that love is king once more! Fun to be fooled, fun to pretend this little dream wont end.
The Smiths - Last Night I Dreamt That Somebody Loved Me.xml
Last Night I dreamt that some bod y loved me no hope no harm just an oth er false a larm SO  Last Night I felt real arms ar ound me I know but it goes on this stor ry is old I know but it goes on be fore the last one and tell me how long be fore the right one this sto ry is old
Vaughn Horton - Till The End Of The World.xml
"Till the end of the world" means forever And forever you'll always be mine. For my darling, you know I could never love anyone but you till the end of time Till the stars in the sky cease to shine, Till the sand of the desert grows cold, Till the last petals fall from the roses, And the silver in your hair turns back to gold; Till the sun and the moon hide in darkness, And we wait for that great light to shine; Oh! my darling, that's how long I will love you, TILL THE END OF THE WORLD you'll be mine. Till the mine.
Unknown - Lace Covered Window.xml
When you walk through the world all alone and your dreams went to ashes behind you then the tears in your eyes will remind you of a view through a lacecovered window noth ing seems very clear anymore in your world evrything is uncertain how you wish you could pull back the curtain see the world through that lace covered window but you'll never know just what life has in store what is waiting there to greet you so pull back the curtain and maybe once more true love is there to meet you so you walk side by side through the world no more times full of darkness and sorrow evry day is a bright new tomorrow when you go throught that lace covered window when you go through that lace covered window let the sun through that lace covered window.
Kevin Cavanaugh - PO BOX 117.xml
Gon na grab a pair of jeans and your flannel red shirt Gon na jump in my car and turn the A M radio on Some times you've just got ta leave town some times you've got ta let your own hair down Some times you've got ta let ev'ryone down Ev en tho you live hours away I need a fix and I need it to day Gon na jump in my car and turn the A M radio on Sometimes you've just gotta leave town Some times you got ta let your own hair down Some times you've got ta let ev'ryone down Love I'm on my way Love I'm on my way Love I'm on my way Love I'm on my way  If there's a prob lem tell it to my ma chine or drop a note at P O BOX One sev en teen (Box one sev en teen) For I've been to the drugstore For a two dollar rose just to catch your eye. I've been to the drugstore Needin' a pack of cig ar ettes and I don't care why BRIDGE: TO CODA To Bridge: END: Gon na grab a pair of jeans and your flannel red shirt Gon na jump in my car and turn the A M radio on
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - Ol' Man River.xml
Ol' Man River, dat Ol' Man River, He must know sumpin' but don't say nothin' He jus' keeps rollin', He keeps on rollin' along. He don't plant 'taters, he don't plant cotton, An' dem dat plants 'em is soon forgotten; But Ol' Man River, he jus' keeps rollin' along. You an' me, we sweat an' strain, Body all achin' an' racked wid pain. "Tote dat barge!" "Lift dat bale," Git a little drunk an' you land in jail. Ah gits weary an' sick of tryin', Ah'm tired of livin' An' skeered of dyin', But Ol' Man River, he jus' keeps rollin' along. long.
Frank Sinatra, Jack Wolf, Joel Herron - I'm A Fool To Want You.xml
I'm A Fool To Want you, I'm A Fool To Want You, to want a love that can't be true, a love that's there for others too. I'm a fool to hold you,_ such a fool to hold yon,_ to seek a kiss not mine a lone to share a kiss the devil has known. Time and time again I said I'd leave you, time and time again I went away. But then would come the time when I would need you, and once again these words I'd have to say: I'm A Fool To Want You, pity me, I need you. I know it's wrong, it must be wrong, but right or wrong, I can't get along without you.
Ivor Novello - Love Is My Reason.xml
Love is my reason for living Love is my reason for giving, Life would be only empty and lonely if it were not for love. Do you remember our meeting? Surely you heard my heart beating, Now in your tender arms I surrender finding my own true love.
Antonio Carlos Jobim, Vinicius de Moraes - Agua De Beber.xml
Your love is rain, my heart the flower. I need your love or I will die. My very life is in your power. Will I with er and fade or bloom to the sky? Ag ua De Be ber, give the flow er water to drink. Ag ua De Be ber, give the flow er water to drink. The rain can fallon distant deserts. The rain can fall up on the sea. The rain can fall up on the flower. Since the rain has to fall let it fall on me. Ag ua De Be ber, Ag ua De Be ber ca ma ra. Ag ua De Be ber, Ag ua De Be ber ca ma ra.
George Gershwin, B.G. DeSylva, Ballard Macdonald - Somebody Loves Me.xml
Somebody love me I wonder who I wonder who she can be sombody loves me I wish I knew Who can she be worries me. For ev'ry girl who passes me I shout "Hey may be you were meant to be my loving baby" somebody loves me I wonder who may be its you.
Herbert Magidson, Jack Yellen, Sammy Fain - Something I Dreamed Last Night.xml
I can't believe that you're not here with me, to have a laugh or share a tear with me. It's all so wrong, it can't be right! It must have been SomethingI Dreamed Last Night. To never see your funny face again! To never thrill to your embrace again! Oh, it's so wrong, it can't be right! It must have been Something I Dreamed Last Night. Those midnight suppers for two, our "corny" duets at dawn, those crazy moments with you, don't tell me that they are gone! To never lookin' to those eyes again! The sun just might as well not rise again! Oh, no, no, no! It can't be right! It must have been Something I Dreamed Last Night!
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Mimi.xml
My left shoe's on my right foot, my right shoes on my left. Oh, listen to me Mimi, of reason I'm bereft. The buttons of my trousers are buttoned to my vest. Oh, listen to me Mimi, mere passions in my breast!. Mimi, you funny little good for nothing Mimi, am I the guy? Mimi you sunny little honey of a Mimi I'm aiming high. Mimi you've got me sad and dreamy You could free me if you'd see me. Mimi You know I'd like to have a little son of a Mimi by and by.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Ev'rything I've Got (Belongs To You).xml
I have eyes for you to give you dirty looks I have words that do not come from childrens books There's a trick with a knife I'm learning to do But ev 'rything I've got belongs to you. I've a pow'rful anaesthesia in my fist And the perfect wrist to give your neck a twist There are hammerlock holds I've mastered a few but ev'rything I've got belongs to you  Share for share, share alike You get struck each time I strike You for me Me for you, I'll give you plenty of nothing I'm not yours for better but for worse And I've learned to give the well known witches curse I've a terrible tongue A temper for two but ev'rything I've got belongs to you I have  Then at night we'll sleep and sleep sleep and sleep and sleep and sleep sleep and sleep sleep and sleep ev'rything I've got ohh it's not alot yes ev'rything I've got belongs to you
Billy Strayhorn, Duke Ellington - Satin Doll.xml
Cigarette holder which wigs me, Over her shoulder, she digs me, Out cattin' that Satin Doll. Baby shall we go out skippin', Careful, amigo you're flippin', Speaks Latin, that Satin Doll. She's nobody's fool, so I'm playing it cool as can be, I'll give it a whirl but I ain't for no girl catching me, Telephone numbers, well, you know, Doing my rhumba's with uno, And that 'n' my Satin
adapted by George Forrest from Borodin's Polovetsian Dances (Gliding Dance Of The Maidens), George Forrest, Robert Wright - Stra.xml
Take my hand I'm a stranger in paradise All lost in a wonderland a stranger in paradise If I stand starry eyed that's a danger in paradise for mortals who stand besidean angel like you I saw your face and I ascended out of the common place into the rare! somewhere in space I hang suspended until I know there's a chance that you care won't you answer the fervent prayer of a stranger in paradise? dont send me in dark despair from all that I hunger for but 0pen your angels arms to the stranger in paradise and tell him that he need be a stranger no more.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Bewitched.xml
I'm wild again beguiled again A simpering whimpering child again, Bewitched, bothered and bewildered am I Couldn't sleep, and wouldn't sleep when love came and told me I shouldn't sleep Bewitched bothered and bewildered am I Lost my heart, but what of it? he is cold I agree He can laugh but I love it, Although the laughs on me. I'll sing to him, Each spring to him, And long for the day when I'll cling to him, Bewitched bothered and bewildered am I. I'm dim7 I
Louis Ferrari, Don Raye - Domino.xml
Domino domino you're an angel that heaven has sent me domino, domino you're a devil designed to torment me When your heart must know that I love you so tell me why tell me why why do you make me cry Domino? Why do
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - Make It Easy On Yourself.xml
'Cause breaking up is so very hard to do. If you really love him and there's nothing I can do, don't try to spare my feelings, just tell me that we're through And make it easy on yourself, make it easy on yourself 'cause breaking up is so very hard to do. And if the way I hold you can't compare to his caress no words of consolation will make me miss you less. My darling, if this is goodbye I just know I'm gonna cry so' run to him before you start cryin' too; And make it easy on yourself make it easy on yourself 'cause breaking up is so very hard to do Oo Whoaooo oh oh.
John Hodges - Buffalo Gals.xml
Buffalo gals, won't ya come out tonight, won't ya come out tonight, won't ya come out tonight? Buffalo gals, won't ya come out tonight, and dance by the light of the moon? I danced with a gal with a hole in her stocking and her heel kept arockin' and her toe kept aknockin'. I danced with a gal with a hole in her stockin', and we danced by the light of the moon.  Yes, pretty boys, we'll come out to night, we'll come out tonight, we'll come out tonight. Yes, pretty boys, we'll come out tonight, and dance by the light of the moon.
Jean Miles and Paul Robi - One In A Million.xml
There is one in a million like you, a dream in a million come true. I confess that I really don't know why but I know that I glow like I do. Only once in a lifetime is par to find someone rare as you are. But now you're around, I have really found that there's one in a million like you. Fate was surely kind to have my heart find someone like you to be my love. I give thanks each day that you came my way, way out of heaven to try love. Oh yes, once in a lifetime you know, a love heaven started below. Though it may be rare, you and I do share this love that has happened to few. For there'e one in a million like you. Fate was surely kind to help my heart find someone like you to be my love I give thanks each day that you came my way, way out of heaven to try love. Oh yes, once in a lifetime you know, a love heaven started below. Though it may be rare you and I do share this love that has happened to few. For there's one in a million like you.
Marr, Morrissey - SOME GIRLS ARE BIGGER THAN OTHERS.xml
From the ice age to the dole age there is but one con cern I have just dis cov ered SOME Girls are big ger than oth ers Some Girls are big ger than oth Ers Some girls moth ers are big ger than oth er girls moth ers. Send me the pil low The one that you dream on and I said dream on !
Tom T. Hall - Harper Valley P.T.A..xml
...I want to tell you all a story 'bout a Harper Valley widow'd wife Who had a teenagedaughter who attended Harper Valley Junior High. Well her daughter came home one afternoon and didn't even stop to play. She said,  "Mom, I got a note here from the Harper Valley P. T. A. Well the ...note said Missus John son you're wearin' your dress es way too high It's reported you 've been drink in' and a run nin' round with men and go in' wild And we don't believe you oughta be a bringin' up your lit tle girl this way and it was signed by the secret ar y Har per Val ley P. T. A. No, I wouldn't put you on because it really did, it happened just this way. The day my mama socked it to the Harper Valley P. T. A.
Neil Diamond - Yesterday's Songs.xml
Yesterday's songs don't stay around long not much anymore yesterday's words don't make themselves heard like they did before Baby yesterday's blues may be yesterday's news but the truth always stays the same and the good things will never change like saying I love you saying I love you Yesterday's songs don't seem to belong they're here and they're gone yesterday's moves don't stay in the grooves they keep moving on Maybe yesterday's rhyme was for yesterday's time and the futures not ours to see but there's some things that always will be
Franz Joseph Haydn - Praise the Lord, Ye Heavens Adore Him.xml
Praise the Lord! Ye heav'ns adore Him; Praise Him, angels in the height. Sun and moon, rejoice before Him. Praise Him, all ye stars of light. Praise the Lord, for He hath spoken; Words His mighty voice obeyed. Laws which never shall be broken For their guidance hath He made.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Yellow Submarine.xml
In the town where I was born lived a man who sailed to sea and he told us of his life in the land of submarines so we sailed up to the sun till we found the sea the sea of green and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine We all live in a yellow submarine yellow submarine yellow submarine we all live in a yellow submarine yellow submarine yellow submarine and our friends are all on board many more of them live next door and the band begins to play and we live a life of ease evry one of us has all need sky of green in our yel low submarine.
George Gershwin - Summertime.xml.1
Summer time and the livin is easy Fish are jumpin' and the cotton is high Well your daddy's rich and yourmomma's good lookin so hush little baby don't you cry
Gus Edwards, Ed Madden - By the Light of the Silvery Moon.xml
By the light of the silvery moon, I want to spoon; to my honey I'll croon love's tune. Honeymoon keep a shining in June. Your silv'ry beams will bring love dreams; we'll be cud dling soon by the silvery moon. By the light of the silvery moon, I want to spoon; to my honey I'll croon love's tune. Honeymoon keep a shining in June. Your silv'ry beams will bring love dreams; we'll be cuddling soon by the silvery moon.
Hoyt Curtin - Meet The Flintstones.xml
Flintstones! Meet the Flintstones! They're a modern stone age family. From the town of Bedrock, they're a page right out of history. Let's ride with the fam'ly down the street, through the courtesy of Fred's two feet. When you're with the Flintstones, have a yabba dabba doo time, a dabba doo time, we'll have a gay, old time!
Harold Arlen, E. Y. Harburg - Last Night When We Were Young.xml
Last night when we were young love was a star, a song unsung. Life was so new, so real so right. Ages a go, last night. To day the world is old. You flew away and time grew cold. Where is that star that shone so bright? Ages a go last night. To that spring had depended on merely this: a look, a kiss. To think that something so splendid could slip away with one lonly day break. SO now let's reminisce and recollect the sighs and the kisses, the arms that clung, when we were young last night.
Kris Kristofferson - Breakdown (A Long Way From Home).xml
The clubs are all closed and the ladies are leaving There's nobody nobody knows on the street A few stranded souls standing cold at the station And nowhere to go but to bed and to sleep. Lord, would you look at you now that you're here; Ain't you proud of your peers and the long way you've come? All alone all the way on your own; Who's to say that you've thrown it away for a song Boy, you've sur come a long way from home. So it's so long to so many so far behind you Fair weather friends that you no longer know; You've still got the same lonely songs to remind you of someone you seemed to be so long ago. home
Irving  Berlin - Remember.xml
Remember the night the night you said "I love you." remember? Remember you vowed by all the stars above you, Remember? Remember we found a lonely spot, and after I learned to care a lot, you promised that you'd forget me not, But you forgot to Remember. Re member.
Ivor Novello, Lena Guilbert Ford - Keep The Home -Fires Burning.xml
They were summoned from the hillside, They were called in from the glen, And the Country found them ready At the stirring call for men. Let no tears add to their hardship, As the Soldiers pass along And although your heart is breaking, Make it sing this cheery song. Keep the Homefires burning, While your hearts are yearning, Though your lads are far away They dream of Home, There's a silver lining Through the dark cloud shining, Turn the dark cloud inside out, Till the boys come home Over seas there came a pleading, "Help a Nation in distress!" And we gave our glorious laddies, Honor made us do no less. For no gallant Son of Freedom To a tyrant's yoke should bend, And a noble heart must answer To the sacred call to "Friend".
Jimmy Webb - Didn't We.xml
This time we almost made the pieces fit did'nt we? This time we almost made some sense of it, Didn't we? This time I held the answer right here in my hand. Then I touched it and it had turned to sand. This time we almost sang our song in tune didn't we? This time we almost made it to the moon, oh didn't we? This time we almost made our poem rhyme. This time we almost made that long, long climb. didn't we almost make it this time?
Anna Sosenko - Darling, Je vous aime beaucoup.xml
Darling, je vous aime beaucoup, Je ne sais pas what to do You know you've completely stolen my heart. Morning noon and nighttime too Tou jours wond'ring what you do That's the way I've felt right from the start, Ah, Cherie! my love for you is tres, tres, fort Wish my French were good enough, I'd tell you so much more, But I hope that you compree All the things you mean to me. Darling, je vous aime beaucoup, I love you, yes I do.
John Rox - It's A Big Wide Wonderful World.xml
It's a big wide wonderful world you live in. When you're in love, your're a master of all you survey; you're a gay Santa Clause. There's a brave new starspangled sky above you. When your'e in love, you're a hero, a Nero, Appollo, the Wizard of Oz. power and glory, the old, old, oldest of stories is new true. You've built your Rome in just one day. Life is mystic a mid summer's night you live in a Turkish dedelight you're in heavheaven. It's swell when you're really in love.
Harold Spina, Don Robertson - Wallpaper Roses.xml
I'm counting wallpaper rosesall around the room wallpaper roses faded with gloom I've been so heartsick and lonely watching the door crying my heart out pacing the floor and counting wallpaper roses over and over a gain I've counted two thousand six hundred and ten you are the only one come back and bring the sun, and make my wallpaper roses bloom again. I'm counting gain!
Tell Taylor - I Love You Best Of All.xml
Darling, you ask me for reasons Why I'm in love with you; I have no doubt there must be about A million but here's just a few. I love the silver in your hair, I love the gold that lingers there, I love to see your sweet smiling face, For there's noone else can take your place. I love your eyes, your fingertips. I love to kiss your dear sweet lips. I love to hold you close to my heart, For I love you the best of all. all.
Neval Nader, John Cluck Jr - Mecca.xml
I live on the Westside she lives on the east side of the street and though they say that east is east and west is west and never the twain shall meet each morning I face her window and pray that our love can be Cause that browstone hous where my baby live is Mecca Mecca to me
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - It's Nice To Go Trav'ling.xml
It's very nice to go trav'ling to Paris, London and Rome, It's oh so nice to go trav'ling, But it's so much nicer, yes, it's so much nicer to come home. It's very nice to just wander the camel route to Iraq, it's oh so nice to just wander, But it's so much nicer, yes, it's oh so nice to wander back. The mam'selles and fraulein, and the senoritas are sweet, But they can't compete 'cause they just don't have what the models have on Madison Ave. It's very nice to be footloose with just a toothbrush and comb, It's oh so nice to be footloose, But your heart starts singing when you're homeward winging 'cross the foam. And you know your fate is where the Empire State is, All contemplate is the view from Miss Liberty's dome. It's very nice to go trav'ling, but it's oh so nice to come home. No more customs! Burn the passport no more packing And unpacking! Light the bonfires! Get my slippers! Star a pizza!
Jimmy McHugh, Harold Adamson - I Couldn't Sleep a Wink Last Night.xml
I couldn't sleep a wink last night be'cause we had that silly fight I thought my heart would break the whole night through, I knew that you'd be sorry and I'm sorry too I didn't have my favrite dream the one in which I hold you tight I had to call you up this morning to see if evrything was still all right yes, I had to call you up this morning cause I couldn't sleep a wink last night.
Hoagy Carmichael, Jack Brooks - Ole Buttermilk Sky.xml
Ole buttermilk sky I'm keeping my eye peeled on you Whats the good word tonight Are you gonna be mellowto night? Ole Buttermilk sky Cant you see my little donkey and me? We're as happy as a Christmas tree, Heading for the one I love I'm gonna pop'er the ques tion that questionDo you, darling do you do  easy so easy If I can only bank on you Ole buttermilk sky I'm telling you why now you know Keep it in mind tonight Keep abrushing those clouds from sight Ole buttermilk sky Dont you fail me when I'm needin you most Hang a moon above her hitching post Hitch me to the one I love You can if you try Dont tell me no lie will you be mellow and bright tonight buttermilk sky Ole buttermilk Itll be sky
Abel Baer, Wolfe Gilbert - My Mother's Eyes.xml
One bright and guiding light, that taught me wrong from right, I found in my mother's eyes. Those baby tales she told, that road all paved with gold, I found in my mother's eyes. Just like a wand'ring sparrow one lonely soul, I walked the straight and narrow to reach my goal. God's gift sent from above, a real unselfish love, I found in my mother's eyes. eyes.
Henry Mancini, B52's - PLANET CLAIRE.xml
Aah Aah Aah  She came from Plan et Claire I knew she came from there She drove a Ply mouth Sat tel lite lite Fast er than the speed of light Plan et Claire has pink air All the trees are red No one ev er dies there No one has a head  Some say she's from Mars Or one of the sev en stars that shine at Three thir ty in the morn ing "WELL SHE IS N'T!" She came from Plan et Claire She came from Plan et Claire She came from Plan et Claire She came from Plan et Claire Aah Aah Aah
Alec Wilder - Trouble Is A Man.xml
A woman gets all the blame for ev'rything that happens under the sun, But when it comes to bein' bad, A womans's not the only one. Trouble is a man a man who loves me no more, no more. Trouble is a man, A man I'll always adore. Nothing good to say about him, Still I hate a day without him. Why should he have to be the one', my only? Trouble is a man A man who's handsome and tall, so tall. Trouble is a man, who's for himself and that's all. After all we planned he didn't mean it. Now I under stand I should have seen it. Trouble is a man, trouble is a man I love.
Beasley Smith, Haven Gillespie - That Lucky Old Sun.xml
Up in the morning out on the job work like the devil for my pay but that lucky old sun has nothing to do but roll around heaven all day. day good Lawd above can't you know I'm pining tears all in my eyes send down that cloud with a silver lining lift me to paradise fuss with my woman toil for my kids, I sweat till I'm wrinkled and gray, while that lucky old sun has got nothing to do but roll around heaven all day.
Perez Prado, Bob Marcus - Patricia, It's Patricia.xml
Kiss her and your lips will always want Patricia stroll her see Pattricia move with all her charms Mambo chacha or merengue its Patricia heaven thats where you'll be when she's in your arms who took the place of de de Dinah? Patricia and Peggy Sue is jealous too of Patricia and when she's wearing her bikini her hips will have you hypnotized far off in Japan they brag about their Geisha who cares long as Uncle Sam has got Patricia eyes that have a starry sort of gleam for you she is like a million dollar dream come true evrybody wishes they could steal her heart away I guess theres so many trying but she never never will say yes! Far off in Japan they brag about their Geisha who cares long as Uncle Sam has got Patricia
John Denver - Leaving on a jet plane.xml
All my bags are packed I'm ready to go I'm standing here outside your door I hate to wake you up to say good bye. But the dawn is breakin' its early morn, the taxi's waiting he's blowin his horn, already I'm so lonesome I could die So kiss me and smile for me tell me that you'll wait for me, Hold me like you"ll never let me go I'm leaving on a jet plane, Dont know when I'll be back again Oh, babe, I hate to go. I'm
Irving Berlin - The Best Thing For You.xml
I only want what's the best thing for you and the best thing for you would be me. I've been convinced after thinking it through, that the best thing for you would be me. Ev'ry day to myself I say, point the way, what will it be? I ask myself what's the best thing for you, and myself and I seem to agree that the best thing for you would be me. me.
Cyril Ornadel, Peter Callander - A Man Without Love.xml
I can remember when we walked together sharing a love I thought would last forever, moonlight to show the way so we can follow, waiting inside her eyes was my tomorrow. Then something changed her mind her kisses told me, I had no loving arms to hold me. Every day I wake up then I start to break up lonely is a man without love. Every day I start out then I cry my heart out lonely is a man without love. Every day I wake up then I start to break up knowing that it's cloudy above. Every day I start out then I cry my heart out lonely is a man without love. I cannot face this world that's falling down on me, so if you see my girl please send her home to me. Tell her about my heart that's slowly dying, say I can't stop myself from crying. Every day I wake up then I start to break up lonely is a man without love. Every day I start out then I cry my heart out lonely is a man without love. Every day I wake up then I start to break up knowing that it's cloudy above. Every day I start out then I cry my heart out lonely is a man without love. Every day I wake up then I start to break up lonely is a man without love. Every day I start out then I cry my heart out lonely is a man without love
Joe Shapiro, Lou Stallman - Round And Round.xml
Find a wheel and it goes 'round 'round 'round as it skims along with a happy sound As it goes along tthe ground ground ground Till it leads you to the one you love. Then your love will hold you 'round 'round 'round in your heart's a song with a brand new sound And your head goes spinning round round round 'cause you've found what you've been dreaming of. In the night you see the oval moon going round and 'round in tune. And trhe ball of sun in the day makes a boy and girsl wanna say. Find a ring and put it round round round and with ties so strong that two hearts are bound. Put it on the one you've found found found For you know that this is really love
Erno Rapee and Lew Pollack - My Dianne.xml
I'm in heaven when I see you smile smile for me my Di anne and though evrythings dark all the while I can see you Dianne you have lighted the road leading home pray for me when you can but no matter whereever I roam Smile for me my Dianne
Irving Berlin - You're Laughing At Me.xml
I love you which is easy to see. but I have to keep guessing, how you feel about me. You listen to the words that I speak, but I feel that you listen with your tongue in your cheek. You're laughing at me. I can't be sentimental for you're laughing at me, I know. I want to be romantic, but I haven't a chance. You've got a sense of humor, and humor is death to romance. You're laughing at me. Why do you think it's funny when I say that I love you so? You've got me worried, and I'm all at sea for while I'm crying for you you're laughing at me. laughing at me.
Bruce Ballinger 1976 - We Have Come Into His House.xml
we have come in to His house and ga thered in His name to wor ship Him we have come in to His house and ga thered in His name to wor ship Him we have come in to His house and ga therd in His name to wor ship Christ the Lord wor ship Him Christ the Lord let's for get a bout our selves and con cen trate on Him and wor ship Him Let's for get a bout our selves and con cen trate on Him and wor ship Him Let's for get a bout our selves and con cen trate on Him and wor ship Christ the Lord wor ship Him Christ the Lord Let us lift up ho ly hands and mag ni fy His Name and wor ship Him Let us lift up ho ly hands and mag ni fy His Name and wor ship Him Let us lift up ho ly hands and mag ni fy His Name and wor ship Christ the Lord wor ship Him Christ the Lord
Brian Potter, Dennis Lambert - One Tin Soldier.xml
Listen children to a story that was written long ago bout a kingdom on a mountain and the valley folk below. On the mountain was a treasure burried deep beneath a stone and the valley people swore they'd have it for their very own. Go ahead and hate your neigh bor, go ahead and cheat a friend. Do it in the name of heaven. Justify it in the end. There won't be any trumpets blowin' come the judgement day. On the bloody morning after one tin soldier rides a way. So the people of the valley sent a message up the hill asking for the burried treasure tons of gold for which they'd kill. Came the answer from dom, "With our brothers we will share all the seccrets of our mountain, all the riches burried there." soldier rides away. Now the valley cried with anger, mount your horses, draw your sword, and they killed the mountain people so they won ther just reward. Now they stood beside the treasure on the mountain, dark and red, turned the stone and looked beneath it, "Peace on earth" was all it said. soldier rides away.
Benny Anderson, Stig Anderson, Bjorn Ulvaeus - Hasta Manana.xml
Hasta Mana na til we meet again dont know where dont know when Darling our love was much too strong to die we'll find a way to face a new tomorrow Hasta Mana na say we'll meet again I cant do without you time to forget send me a let ter say you forgive the sooner the bet ter Hasta Mana na baby Hasta Mana na until then
Milton Ager, Jack Yellen - Ain't She Sweet.xml
Ain't she sweet see her coming down the street now I ask you very confidentially ain't she sweet ain't she nice look her over once or twice now I ask you very confidentially ain't she nice just cast an eye in her direction oh me oh my ain't that perfection I repeat don't you think that's kind of neat and I ask you very confidentially ain't she sweet.
John William Kellette, Jaan Kenbrovin - I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles.xml
I'm dreaming dreams I'm scheming schemes I'm building castles high they're born anew their days are few just like a sweet butterfly and as the daylight is dawning they come again in the morning I'm forever blowing bubbles pret ty bubbles in the air they fly so high nearly reach the sky then like my dreams they fade and die Fortunes always hiding I've looked evry where I'm for ever blowing bubblespretty bubbles in the air.
Richard Blandon - Could This Be Magic.xml
Could this be magic my dear my heart's all aglow. Could this be magic loving you sooo. Could this be magic my dear having youre love. My prayers were answered so far from aboove. I thought that it would be just a memory to linger in myy heart with pain. But to my surprise I opened up my eyes and I'm with you dear ooonce again. Could this be magic my dear having your love. If this is magic then magic is mine. If this is magic then magic is mii ine.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - Wives And Lovers.xml
Hey, lit tle girl, comb your hair, fix your makeup, soom he will open the door. Don't think because there's a ring on your finger you need'nt try anymore. For wives should always be lovers too. Run to his arms the moment he comes home to you. I'm warning you. Day after day, there are girls at the office and men will always be men. Don't send him off with your hair still in curlers you may not see him again. For wives should always be loveers too. Run to his arms the moment he comes home to you. He's almost Hey little girl, better wear something pretty some thing you'd wear to go to the city; And dim all the lights, pour the wine, start the music time to get ready for love. Oh, time to get ready time to get ready, time to get ready for love
Harold Arlen, Billy Rose and E.Y. Harburg - It's Only A Paper Moon.xml
Say, it's only a paper moon sailing ov er a cardboard sea, but it wouldn't be make believe if you believed in me. Yes, it's only a canvas sky hanging over a muslin tree, but it wouldn't be make believe if you believed in me. Without your love, it's a honkytonk parade. Without your love, it's a melody played in a penny arcade. It's a Barnum and Bailey world, just as phony as it can be, but it wouldn't be make believe if you believed in me.
George Posford(adapted by Herbert Stothart, Bob Wright & Chet Forrest - At The Balalaika.xml
When the melan choly shadows fall, My heart is melancholy too. Then I hear the Balalaikas call, and life is gay and brigjht and new! At the balalaika Where there is magic in the sparkling wine, and mellow music in the candles shine I have a rendezvous! At the balalaika Who knows what ecstasy tonight may bring. What lovely melody my heart may sing, Before the night is through. I hear a violin, A haunting gypsy violin, And when it sighs its strangely tender song I know that I belong. At the Balalaika! Oh let me linger there till break of day, Where hearts are young and Balalaikas play I have a rendezvous At the Bala vous.
John Barry, Hal David - Moonraker.xml
Where are you why do you hide? Where is that moonlight trail that leads to your side? Just like the Moonraker goes in search of his dream of gold Isearch for love for someone to have and hold I've seen your smile in a thousand dreams Felt your touch and it always seems you love me You love me
Peter Hart, Ralph Butler - Nellie the elephant.xml.1
To Bombay a travelling circus came they brought an intelligent elephant and Nellie was her name. gain. Nellie the elephant packed her trunk and said goodbye to the circus off she went with a trumpety trump trump trump trump now Nellie the elephant packed her trunk and dledback to the jungle off she went with a trumpety trump trump trump trump the head of the herd was calling far far away they met one night in the silver light on the road to Mandalay
Carrie Underwood, Luke Laird, Hillary Lindsey - So Small.xml
What you got if you ain't got love? The kind that you justwant to give away.It's OK toopen up, go ahead and let the light shine through.I know it's hard on a rainy day, you want to shut the world out and justbe left alone.But don't run out on your faith. 'Cause sometimesthat mountain you've been climbin' is just a grainofsand.And what you've been out there searchin' for forever is inyourhands.And when you've figured out loveis all tha matters after all, it sure makes ev'rything else seem sosmall.It's so easy to get lostinside a problem that seems sobig at the time.It's like a river that's sowide it swallows youwhole.While you're sittin' 'round thinkin' 'bout what you can't change and worry'n' a boutallthe wrong things, time'sflyin' by,movin' so fast, you better make it count 'cause you can't get it back. Some small,yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sometimes that mountain you've been climbin' is just a grainofsand. And what you've been out there searchin' for forever is inyourhands.Whoa,and when you figure out loveis all that matters after all, it sure makes ev'rything else, whoa,it sure makes ev'ry thingelseseem sosmall,yeah, yeah.
Claude-Michel Schonberg - Empty Chairs at Empty Tables.xml
There's a grief that can't be spoken There's a pain goes on and on Empty chairs at empty tables Now my friends are dead and gone
Don Pelosi, Leo Towers - The Stars Will Remember.xml
The stars will remember the night we said goodbye the stars will remember so will I A rose as a token a kiss that brought a sigh the stars will remember so will I and now the stars and I we share the lonely lane but in my solitude it seems I hear you call my name The world may forget you as time goes passing by but stars will remember so will I
Dee Clark - Raindrops.xml
Raindrops, so many raindrops it feels like raindrops falling from my eyeeyes falling from my eyes. Since my love has left me I'm so all alone I would bring her back to me But I don't know where she's gone I don't know where she's gone. There must be a cloud in my head. Rain keeps falling from my eyeeyes Oh no it can't be teardrops 'cause a man ain't sup posed to cry. So it must be Raindrops so many raindrops it feels like raindrops falling from my eyeeyes. falling from my eyes.
Jimmy McHugh, Harold Adamson - Where Are You?.xml
Where are you? Where have you gone without me? I thought you cared about me. Where are you? Where's my heart? Where is the dream we started? I can't believe we parted. Where are you? When we said goodbye, love, what had we to gain? When I gave you my love was it all in vain? All life through, must I go on pretending? Where is my happy ending? Where Are You?
Enric Madriguera,  Eddie Woods (English) - Adios.xml
Adios, in leaving you it grieves me to say adios. I'll be so lonely, for you only, I sigh and cry my adios, adios to you. And in this heart is mem'ry of what used to be, dear for you and me set apart. Moon watching, and waiting above, soon it will be bless ing our love. Adios, for happy endings I'll return dear to you, with a love true, no more to bid you adios.
Walter Donaldson, William Jerome - Back Home In Tennessee (1915).xml
Back Home In Tennessee Just try to picture me Right on my mother's knee, She thinks the world of me, All I can think of tonight Is a field of snowy white; Banjos ringing, darkies singing, All this world seems bright. The roses round the door Makes me love Mother more I'll see my sweetheart, Flo and friends I used to know, Why, they'll be right there to meet me, Just imagine how they'll greet me, When I get back, When I get back to my home in Tennessee. Back home in see.
Leon Russell - A Song For You.xml
I've been so many places in my life and time. I've sung a lot of songs I've made some bad rhymes. I've acted out my life in stages with ten thousand people watching But we're alone now and I'm singin' this song for you. I know your image of me is what I hope to be. I've trated you unkindly but baby can't you see There's noone more important to me so baby can't you please see through me 'Caue we're alone now and I'm singin' this song for you. You taught me precious secrets of the truth withholding nothing.You came out in Front and I was hiding. But now I'm so much better And if my words don't come together Listen to the melody 'Cause my love's in there hiding I love you in a place where there's no space or time. I love you for my life you are a friend of mine And when my life is over Remember when we're together we were alone and I was singin this song for youWe were alone and I was singin' this song for youYou. Singin' this song for you.
Dimitri Tiomkin, Paul Francis Webster - Friendly Persuasion.xml
Thee I love more than the meadows so green and still more than the mulberries on the hill more than the buds on the may apple tree i love thee arms have I strong as the oak for this occasion lips have I to kiss thee too in friendly persuasion thee is mine though I dont know many words of praise thee pleasure me in a hundred ways so put on your bonnet your cape and your glove and come with me for thee I love and come with me for thee I love oh come with me for thee I love
Joe Burke, Al Dubin - For You.xml
I will gather stars out of the blue for you for you I'll make a string of pearls out of the dew for you for you Over the highway andover the street carpets of clover I'll lay at your feet oh theres noth ing in this world I wouldnt do for you for you
Christopher Ward, David Tyson - Black Velvet.xml
Mississippi in the middle of a dry spell Jimmy Rodgers on the victrola up high Mama's dancin' with baby on her shoulder. the sun is settin' like molasses in the sky.. The boy could sing, know how to move eve'rything always wantin' more He'd leave you longing for Black Velvet and that little boy's smile, black velvet with that slow southern style. A new religion thatb'll bring you to your knees black velvet if you please. please. Ev'ry word of ev'ry song that he sang was for you. In a flash he was gone it happened so soon What could you do? Black Velvet and that little boy's smile, black velvet with that slow southern style. A new religion thatb'll bring you to your knees black velvet if you please.
Leon Jessel, Ballard Macdonald - Parade of the Wooden Soldiers.xml
The toy shop door is locked up tight and ev'rything is quiet for the night. When suddenly the clock strikes twelve, the fun's begun. The dolls are in their best arrayed, there's going to be a wonderful parade. Hark to the drum, Oh here they come, cries ev'ry Hear them all cheering, now they are nearing; there's the captain stiff as starch. Bayonets flashing, music is crashing as the wooden soldiers march. Sabres aclinking, soldiers awinking at each pretty little maid. Here they come! Here they come! Here they come! Here they come! Wooden soldiers on parade. Daylight is creeping, dollies are sleeping in the toyshop window fast; soldiers so jolly, think of each dolly, dreaming of the night that's past. When in the morning, without a warning, toyman pulls the window shade, there's no sign the wood brigade was ever out upon parade.
Bon Jovi - It's My Life.xml
This ain't a song for the broken hearted. No silent prayer for faith departed. And I ain't gonna be just a face in the crowd. You're gonna hearmy voice when I shout it outloud. It's my life, it's nowor never. Well, I aint gonna live forever.I just wanna livewhile I'malive.It's my life. My heart is like an open highway. Like Frankie said, "I didit my way."I just wanna live while I'm alive.It's my life. Yeah, this is for the ones who stood their ground. For Tommy and Gina who never backed down.Tomorrow's getting harder make no mistake. Luckaint' even lucky gotta make you ownbreaks. It's my life, it's nowor never. Well, I aint gonna live forever.I just wanna livewhile I'malive.It's my life. My heart is like an open highway. Like Frankie said, "I didit my way."I just wanna live while I'm alive.It's my life.Better stand tall when they're calling you out. Don't bend, don't break, baby don't back down. It's mylifeand it's now or never.Well, I ain't gonna live forever.I just wanna livewhile I'malive.It's my life. My heart is like and open highway. Like Frankie said, "I didit my way."I just wanna live while I'm alive.It's my It's my life.
Johannes Brahms - Brahms' Lullaby.xml
Lullaby, and goodnight, With roses bedight, With lillies oe'r spread, Is babbies wee bed. Lay thee down now and rest, May thy slumber be blessed Lay thee down now and rest, May thy slumber be blessed.
Victor Young, Sammy Cahn - Written on the Wind (Transcribed).xml
A faithless lover's kiss is written on the wind a night of stolen bliss is written on the wind Just like the dying leaves our dreams we've calmly thrown away Now they've blown away softly flown away. The promises we've made are wispers in the breeze. They echo and they fade just like our memories. Though you are gone from me we never can really be apart. What's written on the wind is written in my heart. Though you are gone from me we never can really be apart What's written on the wind is written in my heart_ is written in my heart.
Albert Hammond, Mike Hazelwood - The Air That I Breathe.xml
If I could make a wish I think I'd pass can't think of anything I need No cigarettes, no sleep, no light, no sound, nothing to eat, no books to read Mak ing love with you has left me peaceful warm and tired, what more could I ask there's nothing left to be desired Peace came upon me and it leaves me weak sleep, silent angel go to sleep. Sometimes all I need is the air that I breathe and to love you.
Richard A Whiting, Raymond Egan - They Called It Dixieland.xml
I used to have a dear old Mammy In the days of old Black Joe. She used to cuddle me upon her kneeAnd tell me tales of long ago She said the angels built old Dixie, And I know that's not a fib, For to me it looks like heaven and I'll tell you what the angels did. They built a little garden for the rose And they called it Dixieland, They built a summer breeze to keep the snows far away from Dixieland They built the finest place I've known When they built my home sweet home, Nothing was forgotten in the land of cotton, From the clover to the honey comb. And then they took an angel from the skies And they gave her heart to me. She had a bit of heaven in her eyes, Just as blue as blue can be; They put some fine spring chickens in the land And taught my Mammy how to use a frying pan. They made it twice as nice as paradise, And they called it Dixieland.
Francis Craig, Kermit Goell - Near You.xml
There's just one place for me near you its like heaven to be near you times when we're apart I cant face my heart say you'll never stray more than just two lips away If my hours could be spent near you I'd be more than content near you wont you make my life worthwhile by telling me that I'll spend the rest of my life near you.
Henry Brunies, Jules Cassard, Merritt Brunies, Dudley Mecum - Angry.xml
Angry, please don't be angry, 'Cause I was only teasing you. I wouldn't even let you think of leavin' Don't you know I love you true? Just because I took a look at somebody else, That's no reason you should put poor me on the shelf. Angry, please don't be angry 'Cause I was only teasin' you. Somebody's lyin' if they say I'm tryin' to step around with someone new. Don't believe a thing you hear just wait till you see. Then you'll find no cause to show you're jealous of me. you.
Dave Mann & Bob Hilliard - Song And Dance Man.xml
There's actors, musicians, jugglers, magicians, the man 0n the flying trapeze! There's low down sopranos who sit on pianos, But I don't prefer any one of these.I only go to see a show so I can watch a Song And Dance Man he's got a style that makes a sad heart smile. A cabbaret, where life is gay, is bound to have a song and dance man and on the stage he's still the rage. He'll serenade a lovely lady with a parasol, then dance around and meet her by the garden wall, when they decide to hide behind her parasol, do you think they really kiss. I'll tell you this, I never miss a chance to see a song and dance man 'cause when he sings an old refrain or swings a happy cane, that's the kind of entertainment for me.
Oscar Rasbach, Joyce Kilmer - Trees.xml
I think that I shall never see A poem lovely as a tree A tree whose hungry mouth is pressed against the earth's sweet flowing breast A tree that looks at God all day And lifts her leafy arms to pray A tree that may in summer wear A nest of robins in her hair Upon whose bosom snow has lain Who intimately lives with rain Poems are made by fools like me But only God can make a tree.
Duke Ellington, Don George - I Ain't Got Nothin' But The Blues.xml
Ain't got the change of a nickel, ain't got no bounce in my shoes, ain't got no fancy to tickle, I ain't got nothin' but the blues. Ain't got no coffee that's perkin', ain't got no winnings to lose, ain't got a dream that is workin', I ain't got nothin' but the blues. When trumpets flare up I keep my hair up, I just can't make it come down. Believe me Pappy, I can't get happy since my ever lovin' baby left town. Ain't got no rest on my slumbers, ain't got no feelin's to bruise, ain't got no telephone numbers, I ain't got nothin' but the blues Ain't got the change of a nickblues.
Eddy Arnold, Jenny Lou Carson - C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S.xml
When I was but a youngster, Christmas meant one thing: that I'd be getting lots of toys that day. I learned a whole lot diff''rent when mother sat me down and taught me to spell Christmas this way: "C" is for the Christ child born upon this day. "H" for herald angels in the night. "R" means our Redeemer. "I" means Israel "S" is for the star that shone so bright. "T" is for three wisemen, they who traveled far. "M" is for the manger where He lay. "A"'s for all He stands for. "S" means shepherds came, and that's why there's a Christmas day
Les Kettley - Please go away.xml
If you can't love me will you please goaway I can't bear to see you when I'm feeling this way, if you can't love me why do you follow me about, if you have some love for me please put an end to doubt,
Alistair MacGillivray - Song For The Mira.xml
Out on the Myra on warm afternoons old men go fishing with black line and spool and if they catch nothing they never complain I wish I was with them again as boys in the boats call to girls on the shore teasing the ones that they dearly adore and into the evening the courting be gins Oh I wish I was with them a gain Can you imagine a piece of the universe more fit for princes and kings I'll trade you ten of your cities for Marion Bridge and the pleasure it brings Out on the My ra on soft Summer nights bonfir ers blaze to the childrens delight they dance round the flames singing songs with their friends I wish I was with them again now I'll conclude with a wish you go well sweet be your dreams may your happiness swell I'll leave you here for my journey be gines I'm going to be with them again
Vernon Duke, E. Y. Harburg - April In Paris.xml
April in Paris, Chestnuts in blossom, Holiday tables under the trees. April in Paris, This is a feeling noone can ever reprise. I never knew the charm of spring never met it face to face. I never know my heart could sing, never missed a warm embrace, till April in Paris, Whom can I turn to, What have you done to my heart? heart?
Harry Woods, Gus Kahn - A Little Street Where Old Friends Meet.xml
Homesick, heartsick, nothing seems real; That's how I feel today, Hometown, my town, I hear you call, Calling me far away. It's just a little street where old friends meet, I'd love to wander back someday. To you it may be old and sort of tumble down, but it seems a lot to folks in my home town. Although I'm rich or poor, I still feel sure I'm welcome as the flow'rs in May; It's just a little street where old friends meet and treat you in the same old way. It's way.
Ralph Rainger, Leo Robin - Please.xml
Please lend your little ear to my pleas, Lend a ray of cheer to my pleas, Tell me that youy love me too. Please, let me hold you tight in my arms, I could find delight in your charms, Ev'ry nightt my whole live through. Your eyes reveal that you have the soul of an angel, white as snow; But how long must I play the role of a gloomy Romeo? Oh! Please say you're not intending to tease, Speed the happy ending and please, Tell me that you love me too.
Paul Francis Webster & Hoagy Carmichael - The Lamplighter's Serenade.xml
A moment after dark around the park an old fashioned gent comes parading dressed in funny clothes, but singing as he goes, The Lamplighter's Serenade. The old boy loves to talk with couples on the walk,but when it's half after lovetime, he reaches for his sticks and from his bag of tricks he lights ev'ry star in the sky. And if a lady or a beau should answer no! he sprinkles their hearts witg his magic then he steal;s away to sing another day The Lamplighter's Serenade.
Dudley Wilkinson, Arthur Hammerstein - Because Of You.xml
Because of you, there's a song in my heart. Because of you our romance had it's start. Because of you the sun will shine, the moon and stars will say you're mine forever and never to part. I only live for your love and your kiss. It's paradise to be near you like this. Because of you my life is now worthwhile and I can smile because of you.
William J. & Gloria Gaither 1970 - The Old Rugged Cross Made the Difference.xml
'Twas a life filled with aim less des pir a tion with out hope walked the shell of a man then a hand with a nail print stretched down ward just one touch and a new life be gan and the old rug ged cross made the dif ference in a life bound for heart ache and de feat I will praise him for ev er and e ver for the cross made the dif ference for me bar ren walls ech oed harsh ness and an ger lit tle feet ran in ter ror to hide now those walls ring with love warmth and laugh ter since the giv er of life moved in side and the old rug ged cross made the dif ference in a life bound for heart ache and de feat I will praise him for ev er and e ver for the cross made the dif ference for me There's a room filled with sad ash ened fac es with out hope deach has wrapped them in gloom but at the side of a saint there's re joi cing for life can't be sealed in a tomb
Eddie Calvert, Melville Farley, Bob Howard - My son, my son.xml
My son my son you're evrything to me my son my son you're all I hoped you'd be my son my son my on ly pride and joy God bless and keep you safe My own my precious boy For all the care and heartche life has brought to me one precious gift has made it all worth while for heaven blessed and with great joy rewarded me for I can look and see my own beloved son my son my son your sorrows let me bear my son my son your laughter let me share my son my son each night for you I pray that life for you will be a blessing evry day my man my son my son my pride and joy my son my son my life my boy
Tony Renis 1962, Italian: Alberto Testa;  English:  Ervin Drake 1962 - Quando, Quando, Quando (Tell Me When).xml
Tell me when will you be mine tell me quando quando quando we can share a love divine please dont make me wait again when will you say Yes to me tell me quando quando quando you mean happi ness for me oh my love please tell me when ev'ry moments a day ev'ry day seems a lifetime let me show you the way to a joy beyond compare I cant wait a moment more tell me quando quando quando say its me that you adore and then darling tell me when tell me when will you be when
Louis Lambillotte, Rabanus Maurus, 776-856 - Come, Holy Ghost.xml
Come, Holy Ghost, Creator blest, And in our hearts take up Thy rest. Come with Thy grace, and heav'nly aid To fill the hearts which Thou hast made; To fill the hearts which Thous hast made.
Jud Strunk - Daisy A Day.xml
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Frank Foster, Ella Fitzgerald - Shiny Stockings.xml
Those silk shiny stockings that I wear when I'm with you I wear 'cause you told me that you dig that crazy hue When we go to a dance Do you think of romance Oh no you take a glance At those Shiny Stockings Then came along some chick with great big stockings too You smiled and you left me lonely why I never knew I guess I'll have to find A new find a new kind A guy who digs my shiny stockings too
Franz Gruber, Josef Franz Mohr - Silent Night.xml
Silent night, Holy night, All is calm, All is bright. Round you Virgin Mother and Child, Holy infant so tender and mild, Sleep in Heavenly peace Sleep in Heavenly peace.
Cary Barlowe, Hillary Lindsey, Shane Stevens - American Honey.xml
She grew up on the side of the road. where the church bells ring and strong love grows She grew up good she grew up slow like A mer i can hon ey Stead y as a preach er free as a weed Could n't wait to get go ing but was n't quite read y to leave. So in no cent pure and sweet A mer i can hon ey There's a wild, wild whis per blow ing in the wind call ing out my name like a long lost friend Oh, I miss those days as the years go by Oh noth ing's sweet er than summ mer time and A mer i can hon ey. Get caught in the race of this cra zy life. Try'n to be ev 'ry thing can make you lose your mind I just wan na go back in time to A mer i can hon ey There's a wild, wild whis per blow ing in the wind call ing out my name like a long lost friend Oh, I miss those days as the years go by Oh noth ing's sweet er than summ mer time and A mer i can hon ey I've gone for so long now I got ta get back to her some how to A mer i can hon ey. There's a wild, wild whis per blow ing in the wind call ing out my name like a long lost friend Oh, I miss those days as the years go by Oh noth ing's sweet er than summ mer time and A mer i can hon ey. and A mer i can hon ey
Harry Woods - What A Little Moonlight Can Do.xml
Ooh, ooh, ooh, What a little moonlight can do, Ooh, ooh, ooh, what a little moonlight can do to you. You're in love, your heart's aflutter and all day long you only stutter, 'cause your poor tongue just will not utter the words, "I love you." Ooh, ooh, ooh, What a little moonlight can do Wait awhile, till a little moonbeam comes peeping through You'll get bold, you can't resist her, and all you'll say when you have kissed her is ooh, ooh, ooh, What a little moonlight can do.
Allie Wrubel, Herb Magidson - The Masquerade Is Over.xml
Your eyes don't shine like they used to shine and the thrill is gone when your lips meet mine. I'm afraid the masquerade is over and so is love, and so is love. Your words don't mean what the used to mean. They were once inspired now they're just routine. I'm afraid the masquerade is over and so is love, and so is love. I guess I'll have to play Pagliacci and get myself a clown's disguise, and learn to laugh like Pagliacci with tears in my eyes. You look the same, you're a lot the same, but my heart says "No, no, you're not the same." I'm afraid the masquerade is over, and so is love, and so is love.
Josef Ivanovici, Al Jolson, Saul Chaplin - The Anniversary Song.xml
Oh! how we danced on the night we were wed. We vowed our true love, though a word wasn't said. The world was in bloom there were stars in the skies, Except for the few that were there in your eyes.
Pietro A. Yon - Gesu Bambino (Infant Jesus).xml
When blossoms flowered mid the snows Upon a winter night Was born the Child the Christmas Rose, The King of Love and Light. The angels sang the shepherds sang, the grateful earth rejoiced, and at His blessed birth the stars, their exhultation voiced. Oh come let us adore Him, Oh come let us adore Him, Oh come let us adore Him, Christ the Lord. A gain the heart with rapture glows To greet the Holy Night. That gave the world it's Christmas Rose, the King of Love and Light. Let ev'ry voice acclaim His Name, the grateful chorus swell. From Parradise to earth He came, That we with Him might dwell. Oh Lord Ah! Oh come let us adore Him, Ah! A dore Him Christ the Lord. Oh come Oh come Oh come let us adore Him Let us adore Him Christ the Lord.
Chuck Meyer & Biff Jones - Suddenly There's A Valley.xml
When you've climbed the highest mountain When a cloud holds the sunshine in Suddenly there's a valley where the earth knows peace with man When a storm hides the distant rainbow And you think you can't find a friend SUD DENLY THERE"S A VAL LEY WhereFriendships Never end Touched only by the seasons Swept clean by the waving grain Surveyed by a happy bluebird And kissed by the falling rain When you think there's no bright tomorrows And you feel you can't try again SUDDENLY THERE"S A VALLEY where hope and love begin
Jimmie V. Monaco, William Jerome - Row, row, row.xml
Young Johnnie Jones he had a cute little boat and all the girlies he would take for a float he had girl ies on the shore sweet little peaches by the score but Johnie was a Weisenheimer you know, his steady girl was Flo and ev'ry Sunday afternoon she'd jump in his boat and they would spoon and then he'd row, row, row way up the river he would row, row, row a hug he'd give her then he'd kiss her now and then she would tell him when he'd fool around and fool around and then they'd kiss again and then he'd row row, row a little further he would row, oh, oh, oh, oh then he'd drop both his oars take a few more encores and then he'd row, row, and then he'd with her head on his breast then there's twenty bars rest row.
Neapolitan street song transcribed by Teodoro Cottrau - Santa Lucia.xml
O moon whose mystic veil from the skies falling gilds sighing wavelets pale to our hearts calling Zephyrs are ne'eer at rest o'er the sea bringing coolness to brow and beast far away singing Glorious the summer night seastrand and billows white San ta Lu cia Santa Lucia Glorious the summmer night seastrand and billows white SantaLucia Santa Lucia.
John Gluck, Steve Donroy - SOMETIMES I WISH I WERE A BOY.xml
I'm a girl amd its won der ful It fills my heart with joy but SOME TIMES (yes) SOME TIMES I WISH I WERE A BOY!  I've been stand ing by the juke box hop ing he'll ask me to dance How I wish I could run to him and "hug" him but a girl mus n't make an ad vance  Oh he's danc ing with an oth er and he's hold ing her so tight Wish I had nerve to cut right in and stop it but a girl has to be po lite OH, OH SOME TIMES (yes) SOME TIMES I WISH I WERE A BOY!
Dolly Parton - I Will Always Love You.xml.1
If I should stay I would only be in your way. So I'll go but I know I'll think of you each step of the way And I will always love you I will always love you. You my darling, you. Hmm  Bitter sweet memories that's all I'm tak ing with me Goodbye please don't cry. We both know that I'm not what you need. And I will always love you I will always love you. I hope life treats you kind and  I hope you have all you've dreamed of I wish you joy and happiness but above all of this I wish you love. And I will always love you I will always love you.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz hart - My Funny Valentine.xml
My funny Valentine, sweet comic Valentine, you make me smile with my heart. Your looks are laughable, unphotographable, yet, you're my fav'rite work of art. Is your figure less than Greek; is you mouth a little weak when you open it to speak, are you smart? But don't change a hair for me, not if you care for me, stay, little valentine, stay! Each day is Valentine's day.
B.G.De Sylva, Joseph Meyer - If You Knew Susie.xml.1
If you knew Sussie like I know Susie Oh Oh oh what a girl theres none so classy as this fair lassie Oh Oh holy Moses what a chassis we went riding she didnt balk from the country I'm the one who had to walk If you knew Susie like I know Susie Oh oh what a girl. She wears long tresses and nice tight dresses OhOh what a future whe poses es out in public how she can yawn in a parlour you would think the war was on
The Doors - Don't you love her Madly?.xml
(mark) Don't you love her madly Don't you need her badly Don't you love her ways Tell me what you say Don't you love her madly Wanna be her daddy Don't you love her face Don't you love her as she's walkin' out the door Like she did one thousand times before Don't you love her ways Tell me what you say Don't you love her as she's walkin' out the door All your love All your love All your love all your love All your love is gone So sing a lonely song Of a deep blue dream Seven horses seem to be on the
Tommy Malie, Jimmy Steiger - Stars Are The Windows Of Heaven.xml
....Two little kids watching the sky, One of them said, "I wonder why All of the stars are shining so bright, When there wasn't a star last night, I've often wondered what is a star." The other says, "here's what they are." Stars are the windows of heaven, Where angels peep thru, Up in the sky they keep an eye, on kids like me and you. They cry each time we are naughty, Their teardrops are the rain, But when we're good they are smiling, And they shine again. (my mum says) "stars are the windows of heaven, Where angels peep thru." thru."
Alfonso D'Artega, Tom Adair - In The Blue Of Evening.xml
In the blue of evening, When you appear close to me, dear one, There in the dusk we'll share a dream reverie. In the blue of evening, While crickets call and stars are falling, There 'neath the starlit sky you'll come to me. In the shadows of the night we'll stand, I'll touch your hand and then Softly as your lovely eyes entreat, Our lips will meet again. In the blue of evening, Night winds above whisp'ring "I love you," There we will find romance, In the blue of evening
Kaiser Chiefs - Ruby.xml
Let it never be said, That romance is dead Cause there's so little else occupying my head There is nothing I need except the air that I breathe But I'm not really fussed, Doesn't matter to me Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby (Ahaa, ahaa, Ahaa) Do ya Do ya doya Do ya (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa) Now what ya doing doing to me (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa) Ruby, Ruby, Ruby Ruby (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa) Due to lack of int'rest Tomorrow is cancelled Let the clocks be reset and the pendulums held Cause there's nothing at all except the space in between Finding out what you're called and repeating your name haa) Could it be, could it be that you're joking with me And you don't really see you with me Ruby, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby (Ahaa, ahaa, Ahaa) Do ya Do ya doya Do ya (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa Now what ya doing doing to me (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa) Ruby, Ruby, Ruby Ruby (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa) Do ya Do ya doya Do ya (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa) Now what ya doing doing to me (Ahaa, Ahaa, Ahaa)
Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil, James Homer - Somewhere Out There.xml
Somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone's thinking of me and loving me tonight somewhere out there someone's saying a prayer that we'll find one another in that big somewhere out there and even though I know how very far apart we are it helps to think we might be wishing on the same bright star and when the night wind starts to sing a lonesome lullaby it helps to think we're sleeping underneath the same big sky somewhere out there if love can see us through then we'll be together somewhere out there out where dreams come true. and love can see us through then we'll be together out there where dreams come true.
Aaron Schroeder and Sid Wyche - A Big Hunk O'Love.xml
Hey, baby, I ain't askin' much o' you. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, baby, I ain't askin' much o' you. Just a a, a, a hunk o' love awill do. Don't be a stingy little mama you 'bout to starve me half to death. Now you could spare a kiss or two and still have plenty left. Oh, no, no, baby, I ain't askin' much o' you. Just a a, a, a hunk o' love awill do. That's right. You're just a natural born beehive filled with honey to the top. But I ain't greedy, baby: all I want is all you got. Oh, no, no, baby. I ain't askin' much o' you. Just a a, a, a hunk o' love awill do. That's right. I got a wishbone in my pocket. I got a rabbit's foot around my wrist. And I'd have ev'rything my lucky charms could bring aif you gimme a one sweet kiss. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, baby. I ain't askin' much o' you. Just a a hunk o', hunk o', hunk o' love awill do. Just a a, a, a hunk o' love awill do. Just a a, a, a hunk o' love awill do.
Willie Nelson - Crazy.xml.1
Crazy crazy for feeling so lonely I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so blue. I know you'd love me as long as you wanted, Then someday you'd leave me for sombody new. Worry Why do I let myself worry? Wond'ring, What in the world did I do? Crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for cyring, I'm cra zy for try ing and I'm cra zy for lov ing you. Crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for cyring, I'm cra zy for try ing and I'm cra zy for lov ing you.
Kevin Cavanaugh - YOU SMILE.xml
When ev er I need some one to list en and share the weight of all my wor ries to I will search un til I find that pair of eyes that mir ror the soul gen tle and kind and YOU SMILE When I feel strange be tween calm and storm y As if the world won't fit hand in glove I will search un til I find that pair of eyes that mir ror the soul gen tle and kind and YOU SMILE YOU SMILE and my heart sud den ly knows an swers that the mind has held all a long. Did I for get my soul's true for tune? How rich it is to know where I be long But if heav en ly drops start to fall dear, it will on ly be them that hit the ground. I will search un til I find that pair of eyes that mir ror the soul gen tle and kind and YOU SMILE YOU SMILE and YOU SMILE YOU SMILE
Johnny Marks, Eddie Pola - She'll Always Remember.xml
Se'll always remember when you were only four, Your fav'rite game was playing with your soldiers on the floor. The time when you were seven and tumbled down the stairs, An angel up in heaven answered all her prayers. Did you ever notice that teardrop in her eye the first time she discovered there was lipstick on your tie; Now a soldier man you may be, But you are still her baby, she'll always remember So don't you ever forget! She'll get!
Johnny Mandel, Paul Williams - Close Enough For Love.xml
You and I, an unmatched pair, took the time to touch, to share. Worlds apart the night we met, we braved the odds and won the bet. Not perfect yet, but close enough for love. How old fashioned pure romance. Shared a kiss and shared a dance. Shared the body and bouquet. We'll taste the wine another day, When you and I are close enough for love. Not just lovers, more than friends. Who knows where one starts, one ends. Tracing lives thru sleepless nights, that I'll remember always, always. Long goodbyes and tearful looks hold up well in poems and books, but you and I have life to hold, the greatest story never told. Not perfect yet but close enough for love.
Irving Gordon - Unforgettable.xml
Unforgettable, That's what you are, Unforgettable, though near or far. Like a song of love that clings to me, How the thought of you does things to me Never before has someone been more Unforgettable, in ev'ry way, And forever more that's how you'll stay. That's why, darling it's incredible that someone so unforgettable thinks that I am unforgettable too.
Mabel Wayne, billy Rose - It Happened In Monterey.xml
It happened in Monterey, a long time ago, I met her in Monterey, in old Mexico Stars and steel guitars, And luscious lips, as red as wine, Broke somebody's heart, And I'm afraid that it was mine. It happened in Monterey, Without thinking twice, I left her and threw away the key to Paradise, My indiscreet heart, longs for the sweetheart That I left in old Monterey. It rey.
Kohlman - CRY.xml
If your sweet heart sends a let ter of good bye, Its no sec ret you'll feel bet ter if you CRY. When wak ing from a bad dream, don't you some times think its real? But its on ly false e mo tions that you feel. If your heart aches, they seem to hang a round too long. And your blues keep get ting blu er with each song. Re mem ber sun shine can be found be hind a clou dy sky so let your hair down and go on and CRY
Chris Smith, Jim Burris - Ballin' The Jack.xml
First you put your two knees close up tight, then you sway 'em to tthe left, then you sway 'em to the right. Step around the floor kind of nice and light, then you twis' around and twis' around with all your might. Stretch your lovin' arms straight out in space, then you do the Eagle Rock with style and grace. Swing your foot around then bring it back, now that's what I call ballin' the jack.
Jerry Livingston, A. J. Neiburg, Marty Symes - Under A Blanket Of Blue.xml
Under a blanket of blue, Just you and I beneath the stars. Wrap'd in the arms of sweet romance, The night is ours. Under a blanket of blue, Let me be thrilled by all your charms Darling, I know my heart will dance, Within your arms. A summer night's magic enthralling me so. The night would be tragic if you weren't here to share it my dear. Covered with heaven above, Let's dream a dream of love for two. Wrap'd in the arms of sweet romance, under a blanket of blue.
Arthur Kent, Dave Mason, Redd Evans - Don't Go To Strangers.xml
Build your dreamsto the stars above, but when you need someone true to love Don't go to strangers, darling come to me Play with fire till your fingers burn and when there's no place for you to turn, Don't go to strangers darling come to me For when you hear a call to follow your heart, you'll follow your heart I know I've been through it all for I'm an old hand, and I'll under stand, if you go. So, make your mark for your friends to see but when you need more than company, Don't go to strangers, darling, come to me
The Kooks - Naive.xml
I'm not sayin' it was your fault Although you could have done more you're so naive yet so How could this be done by such a smiling sweetheart Oh and your sweet and pretty face. In such an ugly way Something so beautiful Now ev'rytime I look inside I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be, she's still out to get me I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be, she's still out to get me I may say It was your fault cause I know you could have done more she's still out to get me How could this be done by such a smiling sweetheart You're so naive yet so such an ugly thing Someone so beautiful And ev'rytime I look inside I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be, she's still out to get me I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be, she's still out to get me just don't let me down just don't let me down Hold on to your kite, just don't let me down
Isaac Woodbury, Charles Wesley - O Love Divine, What Hast Thou Done.xml
O    Love divine, what hast thou done? Th'incarnate God hath died for me! The Father's coeternal Son Bore all my sins upon the tree! The Son of God for me hath died: My Lord my Love is crucified.
Sylvester Bradford, Al Lewis - Tears on my Pillow.xml
You don't remember me, but I remember you. 'Twas not so long ago You broke my heart in two. Tears on my pillow, pain in my heart caused by you. If we could start anew I wouln't hesitate. I'd gladly take you back and tempt the hand of fate. Tears on my pillow, pain in my heart caused by hoo hoo hoo hoo Love is not a gadget, love is not a toy. When you find the one you love he'll fill your heart with joy. Before you go away, my darling think of me. There may be still a chance to end my misery Tears on my pillow pain in my heart caused by hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo.
Barry Blue & Lynsey De Paul - Dancin' On A Saturday Night.xml
Hey, little girl get your dancin' shoes, your gold satin jacket and the silvery blues; and it'll be alright dancin' on a Saturday night. Oh well the juke box a'playin' like a one man band, it's the only kind of music, girl we both understand, we're gonna be alright dancin' on a Saturday night, Well the roller coaster gotta make the most and dance dance, dance the night away. Helter skelter maybe I can help her dance, dance, dance the night away. Oo we oo my blue jean baby, she's the queen of them all. She's the only one who makes me wanna rock 'n' roll don't wanna say goodnight, dancin' on a Saturday night. Well the I'm gonna hold her tight dancin' on a Saturday night, (watch her dancin', watch her dancin') I wanna hold her tight dancin' on a Saturday night. (Watch her dancin' oh watch her dancin') Blue Jean baby (Watch her dancin') Blue Jean baby (watch her dancin') dance, dance, dance, (watch her dancin') dance, dance, dance (watch her dancin')
Bee Gees - How deep is your love.xml
I know your eyes in the morning sun I feel your touch me in the pouring rain And the moment that you wander far from me I wanna feel you in my arms again And you come to me on a summer breeze Keep me warm in your love and then softly leave And it's me you need to show How deep is your love is your love how deep is your love I really need to learn Cause we're living in a world of fools Breaking us down When they all should let us be We belong to you and me I believe in you You know the door to my very soul You're the light in my deepest darkest hour You're my saviour when I fall And you may not think I Care for you When you know down inside that I really do
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - I'll String Along With You.xml
You may not be an angel, 'cause angels are so few. But until the day that one comes along I'll string along with you. I'm looking for an angel to sing my love song to. And until the day that one comes along I'll sing my song to you. For ev'ry little fault that you have Say, I've got three or four. The human little faults you do have just make me love you more. You may not be an angel, but still I'm sure you'll do. So until the day that one comes along I'll string along with you.
Gene Autry, Fred Rose - Yesterday's Roses.xml
Ros es pressed in a bible brings me sweet mem' ries of you Roses withered and faded The same as a love I once knew Yesterdays Roses covered with tear drops Yesterdays tear drops covered with dew I'll always treasure Yesterdays roses Telling a story that never came true. Mem' ries live through the ages still they bring only regret roses pressed in a bible they tell me to never forget
Lorenzo Barcelata, S. K. Russell - Maria Elena.xml
Maria͡͡ Elena you're the answer to a prayer. Maria͡͡ E le na can't you see how much I care? To me your voice is like the echo of a sigh, and when you're near my heart can't speak above a sigh. Maria͡͡ Elena say that we will never part, Maria͡͡ Elena take me to your heart. A love like mine is great enough for two. To share this love is really all I ask of you. Mari a͡͡ Elena you.
Thomas , Harry Brooks, Andy Razaf - Aint misbehavin'.xml
No one to talk with all by myself no one to walk with but I'm happy on the shelf aint misbehavin I'm savin my love for you I know for certain the one I love I'm through with flirting Its just you I'm thin in of aint misbehavin I'm saving my love for you. you Like Jack Horner in the corner dont go no where what do I care your kisses are worth waitin for believe me I dont stay out late dont care to go I'm home about eight just me and my ra dio aint misbehaving I'm savin my love for you.
Traditional African American Spriritual - I've Got Peace Like a River.xml
I've got Peace like a river, I've got Peace like a river. I've got Peace like a river in my soul. Oh, I've got Peace like a river, I've got Peace like a river. I've got Peace like a river in my soul.  I've got Love like an ocean, I've got Love like an ocean. I've got Love like an ocean in my soul. Oh, I've got Love like an ocean, I've got Love like an ocean. I've got Love like an ocean in my soul.
Lou Hardman, Edgar Leslie, Grant Clarke - Blue.xml
Blue because were parted blue and broken hearted there was a time I was Jolly you know the reason I'm melancholy Blue and oh so lonely true, I want you only we made a blunder and lots of times I wonder if you're blue too.
Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - High Hopes.xml
Next time you're found with your chin on the ground there's a lot to be learned so look around Just what makes that little ol'ant think he'll move that rubber tree plant? anyone knows an ant can't move a rubber tree plant but he's got high hopes he's got high hopes he's got high apple pie in the sky hopes, so any time you're get tin low stead of let tin' go just remember that ant Oops, there goes another rub ber tree plant Oops there goes another rub ber tree plant when troubles call and your back's to the wall there's a lot to be learned that wall could fall Once there was a silly ol' ant thought he'd punch a hole in a dam no one could make that ram scram He kept buttin' that dam "Cause he had high hopes He had high hopes he had high apple pie in the sky hopes so anytime you're feelin bad stead of feelin sad just remem ber that ram Oops there goes a billion kil owatt dam Oops there goes a billion kil owatt dam plop kerplop.
Hank Williams - Jambalaya.xml
Goodbye Joe, me gotta go me oh my oh me gotta go pole the pirogue down the bayou my Yvonne the sweetest one me oh my oh son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou Jambalay and a crawfish pie and fillet gumbo cause tonight I'm gonna see my macheramio pick guitar fill fruit jar and be gay oh son of a gun we'll have big fun on the bayou. thi bo daux fontain eaux the place is buzzing kinfolk come to see Yvonne by the dozen dress in style and go hog wilk, me oh my oh down far from town get me a pirogue and I'll catch all the fish in the bayou swap my mon to buy Yvonne what she need oh bayou,
Ray Charles - Hallelujah, I love her so.xml
Let me tell you 'bout a girl I know She is my baby and she lives next door Every morning 'fore the sun comes up She brings me coffee in my favorite cup That's why I know Yes I know Hallelujah, I just love her so When I'm in trouble and I have no friend. I know she'll go with me until the end Everybody asks me how I know I smile at them and say, "She told me so" That's why I know Yes I know Hallelujah, I just love her so Now, if I call her on the telephone And tell her that I'm all alone By the time I count from one to four I hear her on my door In the evening when the sun goes down When there is nobody else around She kisses me and she holds me tight And tells me "Daddy, everything's all right That's why I know Yes I know Hallelujah I just love her so
Vaclav Blaha, Mitchell Parish - The Blue Skirt Waltz.xml.3
I dream of that night with you Lady when first we met We danced in a world of blue, How can my heart forget Blue were the skies and blue were your eyes, Just like the blue skirt you wore Come back blue lady come back Don't be blue anymore
Bob Barron, Burt Long - Cindy, Oh Cindy.xml
Cindy oh Cindy Cindy don't let me down Write me a letter soon and I'll be homeward bound.
James Horner, Will Jennings - My Heart Will Go On.xml
Ev'rynight in my dreams I see you I feel you, that is how I know you go on. Far across the distance and spaces between us you have come to show you go on. Near, far, wherever you are, I believe that the heart does go on. Once more, you open the door and you're here in my heart and my heart will go on and on. Love can touch us one time and last for a lifetime and never let go till we're gone. Love was when I loved you, one true time I hold to, in my life we'll always go on. Near, far, wherever you are, I believe that the heart does go on Once more, you open the door and you're here in my heart and my heart will go on and on. You're here, there's nothing I fear, and I know that my heart will go on. We'll stay forever this way. You are safe in my heart, and my heart will go on and on
Hal David and Burt Bacharach - Twenty-Four Hours From Tulsa.xml
Dearest, Darlin', I had to write to say that I won't be home any more cause something happened to me. While I was drivin' home and I'm not the same any more, Oh I was only Twenty Four Hours From Tulsa only one day away from your arms I saw a welcomeing light and stopped to rest for the night, and that is When I saw her As I pulled in outside of that small hotel she was there and so I walked up to her, asked where I could get something to eat and she showed me where, Oh I was only Twenty Four Hours From Tulsa, only one day away from your arms She took me to the cafe I asked her if she would stay she said Okay Oh I was only twenty four hours from Tulsa only one day away from your arms. The juke box started to play, and nighttime turned into day as we were dancin' closely all of a sudden I lost control as I held her charms and I carressed her kissed her told her I'd die before I would let her out of my arms, only twenty four hours from Tulsa only one day away from your arms. I hate to do this to you, but I love somebody new, what can I do and I can never never never go home again.
Johann Michael Haydn, Robert Grant - O Worship the King.xml
O    worship the King, all glorious above, And gratefully sing His wonder ful love. Our shield and Defender, the Ancient of Days, Pa vilioned in splendor and girded with praise.
Billy Preston, Bruce Fisher - You Are So Beautiful.xml
You are so beautiful to me You are so beautiful to me cant you see You're evry thing that I hope for and whats more youre evrything I need You are so beautiful baby to me Such joy and happiness you bring such joy and happiness you bring Just like a dream You're like a guiding light shinin in the night you're heaven still to me you are so beautiful.
Rod Morris - Bimbo.xml
Bimbo is a little boy who's got a million friends and evry time he passes by they all invite him in He'll clap his hands and sing and dance and talk his baby talk with a hole in his pants and his knees astickin out he's just big enough to walk Bimbo Bimbo where ya gonna goeo Bimbo Bimbo whatcha gonna doeo Bimbo Bimbo does your mommy know that you're goin down the road to see a little girleo  Bimbo's got two big blue eyes that light up like a star and the way to light them upis to buy him candy bars cracker jacks and buble gum will start his day off right all the girlies follow him just a beggin for a bite Bimbo Bimbo candy on your faceeo Bimbo Bimbo chewin on your gumeo Bimbo Bimbo when you gonna grow? Evry body loves you little baby Bimboo
Genesis - In too deep.xml
All that time I was searching, with nowhere to run to it started me thinking wond'ring what I could make of my life and who'd be waiting Gave ing all kinds of questions to myself but never finding the answers crying at the top of my voice and noone listening all this time I still remember everything you said oh oh there's so much you promised how could I ever forget Listen you know I love you but I just can't take this you know I love you but I'm playing for keeps although I need you I'm not gonna make this you know I want to but I'm in too deep So listen listen to me oh you must believe me I can feel your eyes go through me but I don't know why Oh I know you're going but I can't believe It'sthe way that you're leaving it's like we never knew each other at all it maybe my fault I you too many reasons being alone when I didn't want to I thought you'd always be there I almost believed you all this time I still remember every thing you said oh oh there's so much you promised how could I ever forget me I can feel your eyes go though me.
Matt Malneck, Johnny Mercer - Goody goody.xml
So you met someone who set you back on your heels, goody goody So you met someone and now you know how it feels, goody goody So you gave him/her your heart too just as I gave mine to you and he/she broke it in little pieces Now how do you do? So you lie awake just singin' the blues all night, goody goody And you think that love's a barrel of dynamite Hooray and hallelujah You had it comin' to ya Goody goody for him/her	 Goody goody for me And I hope you're satisfied you rascal you.
Ned Miller - Dark Moon.xml
Dark Moon, away up high up in the sky, oh tell me why, oh tell me why you've lost your slendour, Dark Moon, what is the cause your light withdraws is it because, is it because I've lost my love. Mortals have dreams of love's perfect schemes, but they don't realise that love will sometimes bring a
Frankie Carle, Jack Lawrence - Sunrise Serenade.xml
Good mornin' good mornin' you sleepy head, it's dawnin', stop yawnin' get out of that bed. Say the air is soft as silk, it's time to get the mornin' milk, come on wake up! Get up! Look at the grass silver in the sun heavy with the dew, look at the buds you can almost see how they're breakin' thru; look at the birds feedin' all their young in the sycamores but you berter get on with your mornin' chores. Just take a breath of that new mown hay and the sugar cane; looks like tonight there should be a moon down in lovers lane. There you go day dreaming when it's time that you obeyed that Sunrise Serenade Good
Alan Brandt, Bob Haymes - That's All.xml
I can only give you love that lasts forever, and the promise to be near each time you call; And the only heart I own, for you and you alone, That's all, that's all. I can only give you country walks in Springtime and a hand to hold when leaves begin to fall; And a love whose burning light will warm the winter night, That's all, that's all. There are those, I am sure, who have told you they would give you the world for a toy. All I have are these arms to enfold you and a love time can never destroy. If you're wond'ring what I'm asking in return, dear, you'll be glad to know that my demands are small: Say it's me that you'll adore, for now and ever more, That's all, that's all.
Francesco Cassano and Corrado Conti, Gianni Argenio, Roger Cook, Roger Greenaway - The Way It Used To Be (Transcribed).xml
Lonely table just for one in a bright and crowded room, while the music has begun, I drink to memories in the gloom. Though the music's still the same, it has a bitter sweet refrain. So play the song the way it used to be before she left and changed it all to sadness. and maybe if she's passing by the window she will hear our love song and the melody. And even if the words are not so tender she will always remember the way it used to be. Friends stop by and say "Hello" and I laugh and hide the pain. It's quite easy till they go then the song begins again. So play the song the way it used to be before she left and changed it all to sadness. And maybe if she's passing by the window she will hear our love song and the melody. And even if the words are not so tender she will always remember the way it used to be.
David Gates - Diary.xml
I found her diary underneath the tree, and started reading about me. The words she'd written took me by surprise. You'd never read them in her eyes They said that she had found the love she'd waited for. Wouldn't you knowit. She wouldn't show it.Then she confronted with the writing there, simply pretending not to careI passed it off as just in keeping with her total disconcerting air And tho' she tried to hide the love that she denied Wouldn't you know it. She wouldn't showit. And as I go thru' my life I will give to her my wife all the sweet things I can find.I found her diary underneaththe tree, and started reading about me. The words begin to stick then tears to fall Her meaning now was clear to see The love she'd waited for was someone else not me. Wouldn't you knowit She wouldn't show it And as I go thru' my life, I will wish for her his wife, All the sweetthings she can find. All the sweet things she can find.
Cole Porter - Mind If I Make Love To You.xml
In the heaven stars are dancing, And the mountain moon is new. What a rare night for romancing, Mind if I make love to you? Since the dear day of our meeting, I've wanted to tell you all I long to do. Dawn is nearing, Time is fleet ing. Mind if I make love to you? If you let me, I'll endeavor, To persuade you I'm your party for two. And from then on you will never mind if I make love to you? Mind if I make love to you?
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein - Edelweiss.xml
Edelweiss Edelweiss Ev'ry morning you greet me. Small and white Clean and bright you look happy to meet me. Blossom of snow may you bloom and grow Bloom and grow forever Edelweiss Edelweiss Bless my home land forever.
Charles Strouse, Lee Adams - Once Upon A Time.xml
Once upon a time a girl with moonlight in her eyes put her hand in mine and said she loved me so. But that was once upon a time, very long ago. Once upon a hill we sat beneath a willow tree, counting all the stars and waiting for the dawn. But that was once upon a time, now the tree is gone. How the breeze ruffled through her hair, how we always laughed as tho' tomorrow wasn't there; We were young and didn't have a care. Where did it go? Once upon a time the world was sweeter than we knew, ev'rything was ours, How happy we were then; But somehow once upon a time never comes again.
James Butterfield, George Washington Johnson 1864 - (When You And I Were Young,) Maggie.xml
I wander today to the hills Maggie to watch the scene below the creek and the creaking old mill Maggie as we used to long long ago the green grove is gone from the hills Maggie where first the daisies sprung and the creaking old mill is still Maggiesince you and I were young.
Jackie Gleason, Duke  Enston - Melancholy Serenade.xml
Melancholy serenade, Ev'ry time I hear it played. Right out of space, your haunting face appears. There were other serenades, Broken promises you made, why must I pay, day after day with tears. Alone in my room, I watch the ghost of you. alone in the gloom, once more I'm close to you. Melancholy serenade, As the music starts to fade, I feel your kiss and then you disappear. Melancholy serepear.
William  - My Guy.xml
Nothing you could say can tear me away from My Guy. Nothing you could do 'cause I'm stuck like glue to My Guy. I'm sticking to My Guy like a stamp to a letter, Like birds of a feather, we stick together. I can tell you from the start I can't be torn apart from My Guy. Nothing you could do could make me untrue to My Guy. Nothing you could buy could make me tell a lie to My Guy. I gave My Guy my word of honour, To be faithful and I'm gonna. You best be believing, I won't be deceiving My Guy. As a matter of opinion I think he's tops. My opinion is he's the cream of the crop. As a matter of taste to be exact, he's my ideal as a muscle bound man could take my hand from My Guy. No handsome face could ever take the place of My Guy. He may not be amovie star, but when it comes to being happy, we are. There's not a man today who could take me away from My Guy. There's not a
James V. Monaco, Johnny Burke - An Apple for the Teacher.xml
An apple for the teacher that seems the thing to do because I need to learn about romance from you an apple for the teacher to show I'm meek and mild If you insist on saying that I'm just a problem child. You'll get all my attention your wish will be my rule and maybe you'll be good to me and keep me after school An apple for the teacher thats how I'd better start then after a while you may give in and let me bring my heart.
Amund Bjorklund , Espen Lind, Patrick Monohan - Hey, Soul Sister.xml
Hey hey hey hey Your lipstick stains on the front lobe of my left side brain I knew I would n't forget you and so I went and let you blow my mind Your sweet moon beam the smell of you in every single dream I dream I knew when we collided you're the one I have decided was one of my kind Hey soul sister ain't that Mr. Mister on the radi o stereo the way you move ain't fair, you know Hey soul sister I don't wanna miss a sing;e thing you do tonight Hey hey hey hey Just in time I'm so glad you have a one track mind You gave my life direction a game show love connectionI'm dream ing of I'm so obsessed my heart's about to beat right out my untrimmed chest I belive in you like a virgin you're Madonna and I'm alway The way you can cut a rug watching you's the only drug I need You're so gangsta I'm so thug you're the only one I'm dreaming of you see I can be myself now finally in fact here's nothing I can't be I want the world to see you be with me Hey soul sister ain't that Mr Mister on the radio stereo the way you move ain't fair you know Hey soul sister I don't wanna miss a single thing you do Hey soul sister I don't wanna miss a single thing you do tonight Hey hey hey hey tonight hey hey hey hey tonight
C. Donida, Mogol, Engish lyrics by Ervin Drake - AL DI LA.xml
Al di la means you are far above me, very far. Al di la, as distant as the lovely ev'ning star. Where you walk flowers bloom when you smile all the gloom turns to sunshine, And my heart openswide, when your gone it fades inside and seems to have died. Al di la, I wander'd as I drifted where you were. Al di la, the fog around me lifted, there you were. In the kiss that I gave was the love I had sav'd for a lifetime. Then I knew all of you was completely mine. Al di del bene piu prezioso ci sei tu, Al di la del sogno piu am'bi zio so ci sei tu. Al di la delle cose piu belle'al di la delle stelle ci sei tu, al di la ci sei tu per me, per me, sotanto per me. Al di la, del mare piu profondo ci sei tu Al di la dei limiti del mondo, ci sei tu Al di la della volta'in finita'al di la della vita ci sei tu, al di la, ci sei tu, per
Nadida Carryne - Monster Banana.xml
I'm a monster I'm a monster I love banana Don't know my name but they called me monster banana Oh yes I love banana Oh yes I love banana
John Martin Sommers - Thank God I'm A Country Boy.xml
Well, life on a farm is kinda laid back aint much an old country boy like me cant hack its early to rise early in the sack thank God I'm a country boy a simple kinsa life never did me no hard raisin me a family and workin on a farm My days are all filled with an easy country charm Thank God I'm a country boy well I got me a fine wife I got me old fiddle when the suns comin up I got cakes on the griddle and life aint nothin but a funny funny riddle thank God I'm a countryboy when the works all done and the sunes dryyin loe I pull out my fiddle and I rosin up thebow but,the kids are aleep so,I,keep it kinda low
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - The Christmas Waltz.xml
Frosted window panes, candles gleaming inside, painted candy canes on the tree; Santa's on his way, he's filled his sleigh with things, things for you and for me. It's that time of year when the world falls in love, ev'ry song you hear seems to say "Merry Christmas may your New Year dreams come true." And this song of mine, in three quarter time, wishes you and yours the same thing too.
Jimmy van Heusen, Phil Silvers - Nancy.xml
If I don't see her each day I miss her. Gee! what a thrill each time I kiss her. Believe me I've got a case on Nancy with the laughing face. She takes the winter and makes it summer, Summer could take some lessons from her. Picture a tomboy in lace, That's Nancy with tthe laughing face. Do you ever hear mission bells ringing? Well she'll give you the very same glow. When she speaks you would think it was singing, Just hear her say "Hello." I swear to goodness you can't resist her, Sorry for you she has no sister. No one could ever replace my Nancy with the laughing face. If I don't Nancy with the laughing face.
Michael Carr, Jimmy Kennedy  - South Of The Border.xml
SoutH of the border down Meico way, that's where I fell in love while stars above came out to play. And now as I wander my thoughts ever stray south of the border down Mex i co way. She was a picture in old Spanish lace, just for a tender while I kissed the smile upon her face. For it was fiesta and we were so gay South of the border down Mexico way. Then she sighed as she whisipered, "mañana," never dreaming that we were parting. And I lied as I whispered, "mañana," for our tomorrow never came. South of the border I rode back one day. There in a veil of white by candlelight she knelt to pray. The mission bells told me that I must'nt stay south of the border down Mexico way. Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay! Ay!
Ivor Novello, Christopher Hassall - Fly Home, Little Heart.xml
Far, far away, where the clouds hover low, I heard a cry like a bird in the snow. Soft was my answer, Have comfort, my dear, Why waste a moment when April is here?Fly home, little heart. Although the way be long, Your wings are brave and strong. Fly home where you belong. I know, little heart, How lonely you must be So far across the sea. So fly, little heart, fly home to me. Soon as the dusk brings the end of the day, Wistful and sweet rings that song far away. Out of the silence a voice through the foam, Yearning for love and the dear days at home. Fly home, little heart. Although the way be long, Your wings are brave and strong. Fly home where you belong. I know, little heart, How lonely you must be So far across the sea. So fly, little heart, fly home to me. Fly home, dear heart. Fly home to me.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - My Heart Tells Me.xml
My heart tells me this is just a fling, yet you say our love means ev'rything. Do you mean what you are saying, or is this a little game you're playing? My heart tells me I will cry again, Lips that kiss like yours could lie again. If I'm fool enough to see this thru, Will I be sorry if I do, Should I believe my heart or you? you?
Mosie Lister 1958 - 'Til the Storm Passes By.xml
In the dark of the mid night have I oft hid my face while the storms howl a round me and there's no Hid ing place 'mid the crash of the thun der pre cious Lord hear my cry keep me safe 'til the stom pas ses by 'til the stom pas ses o ver 'till the thun der sounds no more 'till the clouds roll for ev er from the sky Hold me fast let me stand in the hol low of Thy hand keep me safe 'till the storm pas ses by man y times Sa tan tells me "There is no need to try, for there's no end of sor row there's no hope by and by" but I know Thou art with me and to mor row I'll rise where the storm nev er dark ens the sky 'til the stom pas ses o ver 'till the thun der sounds no more 'till the clouds roll for ev er from the sky Hold me fast let me stand in the hol low of Thy hand keep me safe 'till the storm pas ses by in the dark of the mid night have I oft hid my face while the storms howl a round me and there's no Hid ing place 'mid the crash of the thun der pre cious Lord hear my cry keep me safe 'il the stom pas ses by 'til the stom pas ses o ver 'till the thun der sounds no more 'till the clouds roll for ev er from the sky Hold me fast let me stand in the hol low of Thy hand keep me safe 'till the storm pas ses by when the long night has end ed and the storms come no more Let me stand in Thy pres ence on that bright peace ful shore in that land where the temp est nev er comes Lord may I dwell with Thee when the storm pas ses by 'til the stom pas ses o ver 'till the thun der sounds no more 'till the clouds roll for ev er from the sky Hold me fast let me stand in the hol low of Thy hand keep me safe 'till the storm pas ses by
Street, Morrissey - I KNOW VERY WELL HOW I GOT MY NAME.xml
A child in a cur io us phase a man with sul luen ways Oh I Know ver y well how I got my name You think you were my first love You think you were my first love but your wrong you were the on ly one that's come and gone
Irving Berlin - Always.xml
I'll be loving you always with a love thats true always when the things you've planned Need a helping hand I will understand always always days may not be fair always that's when I'll be there always Not for just an hour, not for just a day, not for just a year but always. always
Harry Carroll, Joseph McCarthy - I'm Always Chasing Rainbows.xml.1
At the end of the rainbow there's happiness And to find it how often I've tried. But my life is a race just a wild goose chase And my dreams have all been denied. Why have I al ways been a failure What can the reason be? I wonder if the world's to blame. I wonder if it could be me? I'm always chasing rainbows, Watching clouds drifting by. My schemes are just like all my dreams, Ending in the sky Some fellows look and find the sunshine I always look and find the rain. Some fellows make a winning some time I never even make a gain. Believe me I'm always chasing rainbows, Waiting to find a little blue birds in vain
Art Noel, Max Miller, Richard Donnelly - Come Hither With Your Zither.xml
Come hither with your Zither and play to me a melody in any key come hither with your Zither and play a tune and I will swoon into your arms Its a new sensation though its very old but my heart needs warming up because its cold come hither with your zither make my dreams come trye and I will always be in love with you come you
Phil Myers - Missing You.xml
I'm not about to fall apart I just pretend it doesn't hurt to miss you, want you, need you, love you. I talk and laugh and keep it light but then I toss and turn at night and miss you, want you, need you, love you. I dream about your face, your hair, I touch your hand... it isn't there, I miss you, want you, need you, love you. I try to smile the blues away, but now I have them ev'ry day, I miss you, want you, need you, love you. We were cool, didn't want sad goodbyes. No embrace, not a tear in our eyes. You'd be back, I would wait to kiss you, but Suddenly I realize how much I miss you. I'm not about to fall apart I just pretend it doesn't hurt to miss you, want you, need you, love you, to miss you, want you, need you, love you so.
Bob Elgin, Luther Dixon and Kay Rogers - A Hundred Pounds of Clay (Transcribed).xml
He took a hundred pounds of clay and then He said "Hey Listen". I'm gonna fix this world today because I know what's missin'. then He rolled His big sleeves up and a brand new world began. He created a woman and a lot of lovin' for a man. Whoaohoh Yes He did. With just a hundred pounds of clay He made my life worth livin'. And I will thank Him every day for ev'ry kiss you're givin'. And I'll thank him every night for the arms that are holdin' me tight. And He did it all with just a hundred pounds of clay. Yes He did. Whoaoh Yes He did. Now can't you just see Him a walkin' around and round, pickin' the clay up a off the ground, doin' just what He should do to make a livin' dream like you. He rolled his big sleeves up and a brand new word began. He created a woman and a lots of lovin' for a man. Whoaohoh Yes He did with just a hundred pounds of clay. People let me tell ya what He did with just a hundred pounds of clay.
Martha Sharp - Single Girl.xml
The sin gle girl all alone in a great big town the single girl gets so tired of love lettin her down the lifes unreal and the people are phon y and the nights can get so lone ly the single girl needs a sweet lovin man to lean on I'm a wondrin if love could be passin me by I'ma I know all about men and their lies No body loves me cos nobody knows me Nobody takes the time to go slow ly I've got to make my own way theres rent I gotta pay how I need a nighttime love to get me thru the day I'm a single girl all alone in a great big town I'm a single girl and I get so tired of love lettin me down but theres a man I've yet to know waiting somewhere I've yet to go Someday I'll have a sweet lovin man to lean on.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Happy Christmas, Little Friend.xml
Happy Christmas little friend, may your heart be laughing all day. May your joy be a dream you'll remember, as the years roll along on their way. As the years roll along on their way, you'll be showing your own kid a tree. Then at last, my friend, you'll know how happy a Christmas can be, how happy a Christmas can be. be.
Julie Gold - From A Distance.xml.1
distance the world looks blue and green and the snow capped mountains white. From a distance the ocean meets the stream and the eagle takes to flight. From a distance there is harmony, and it echoes thru the land. It's the voice of hope, it's the voice of peace. It's the voice of ev'ry watching us God is watching us God is watching us from a distance From a From a distance we all have enough and no one is in need. There are no guns no bombs and no dis eases no hungry mouths to feed. From a distance we are instruments marching in a common band, playing songs of hope playing songs of peace. They're the heart of ev'ry man. It's the hope of hopes it's the love of loves This is the song of ev'ry man. And God is watching us God is watching us God is watching us from a distance Oh, God is watching us from a distance.
Sam Freedman, Sam Karetu - When My Wahine Does The Poi.xml
When my wahine does the poi her graceful motion is a joy a subtle twist of her wrist and my wahine does the poi each time she twists her tiny ball you'll see the beauty of it all she'll win your heart from the start when my wahine does the poi a picture of perfection she loves to dance and sing one glance in her direction and all your cares take wing across the shaky little isles they come from miles and miles and miles in evry pa shes a star when my wanine does the poi when my wa taku wahi ne ka u me re te kato a he tohu nga nona e kitenei mahe a na a hako a te marae he rte tonu te penei ki taku wahine e katu a na ki te poi powhiritia ai ia Ki ia marae hei titiro ma ratou tehunga powhiri he rawe hoki nona e ki te pi u piu poi e U mere ai te katoa ka poi ana taku wahine kiapoi when my wahine does the poi.
Billy Mayhew - It's A Sin To Tell A Lie.xml
You know it's a sin to tell a lie still you keep saying I love you it may be true I wish I knew but I'm giving fair warning to you Be sure it's true when you say I love you It's a sin to tell a lie millions of hearts have been broken just because these words were spoken I love you yes, I do I love you if you break my heart I'll die so be sure it's true when you say I love you it's a sin to tell a lie be sure it's lie.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Isn't It A Pity.xml
He.  Why did I wander, here and there and yonder, Wasting precious time, For no reason or rhyme? Isn't it a pity? Isn't it a crime? My journey's ended; Ev'rything is splendid: Meeting you today Has given me a Wonder ful idea, Here I stay! It's a funny thing I look at you I get a thrill I never knew, Isn't it a pity we never met before? Here we are at last! It's like a dream! the two of us. A perfect team! Isn't it a pity we never met before? Imagine all the lonely years we've wasted: You, with the neighbors, I, at silly labors; What joys untasted! You, reading Heine, I, somewhere in China. Happiest of men I'm sure to be, If only you will say to me, "It's an awful pity, We never, never met before." Fishing for salmon, Losing at backgammon. What joys untasted! My nights were sour Spemt with Schopenhauer. Let's forget the past Let's both agree That I'm for you and you're for me, And it's such a pity, We never, never met be fore."
Jimmy Van Husen, Johnny Burke - Swinging On A Star.xml
Would you like to swing on a star, Carry moonbeams home in a jar, And be better off than you are, Or rather like to be a mule? A mule is an animal with long funny ears, He kicks up at anything he hears. His back is brawny and his brain is weak, He's just plain stupid with a stubborn streak And, by the way, if you hate to go to school, You may grow up to be a mule. Or would you like to swing on a star, Carry moonbeams home in a jar, And be better off than you are. Or would you rather be a pig? A pig is an animal with dirt on his face, His shoes are a terrible disgrace. He's got no manners when he eats his food, He's fat and lazy and extremely rude, But if you don't care a feather or a fig, You may grow up to be a pig. Or would you like to swing on a star, Carry moonbeams home in a jar, And be better off than you are. Or would you rather be a fish? A fish won't do anything but swim in a brook, He can't write his name or read a book. To fool the people is his only thought, And though he's slippery, he still gets caught. But then if that sort of life is what you wish, You may grow up to be a fish. And all the monkeys aren't in the zoo, Ev'ry day you meet quite a few, So you see it's all up to you. You can be beter than you
Harold Arlen, Ted Arlen  - When The Sun Comes Out.xml
When the sun comes out and that rain stops beatin' on my window pane; When the sun comes out there'll be bluebirds 'round my door singin' like they did before that ol' storm broke out and my man walked off and left me in the rain. Though he's gone I doubt. If he'll stay away for good, I'd stop livin' if he should. Love is funny, it's not always peaches, cream, and honey. Just when ev'rything looked bright and sunny, suddenly the cyclone came. I'll never be the same 'till that sun comes out and that rain stops beatin' on my window pane; If my heart holds out let it rain and let it pour, it may not be long before there's a knockin' at my door, then you'll know the one I loved walked in when the sun comes out.
Johnny Mercer 1954, Johnny Mercer - Something's Gotta Give.xml
When an ir resistible force such as you meets an old immovable object like me you can bet as sure as you live somethings gotta give somethings gotta give somethings gotta give when an ir repressible smile such as yours warms an old implacable heart such as mine dont say no because I insist somewhere somehow someones gonna be kissed so engarde who know s what the fates have in store from their vast mysterious sky? I'll try hard ignor ing those lips I adore but how long can anyone try? fight fight fight fight fight it with all of our might chances are some heavenly star spangled night we'll find out as sure as we live somethings gota give somethings gotta give, somethings gotta give
Trent Reznor - Hurt.xml
I hurt myself today to see if I still feel I focus on the pain the only thing that's real The needle tears a hole the old familiar pain Try to kill it all away but I remember ev'ry thing What have I become, my sweetest friend Ev'ryone I know goes away in the end And you could have it all My empire of durt I will let you down I will make you hurt I wear this crown of thorns on my liars chair Full of broken thoughts I cannot repair Beneath the stain of time the feelings disappear You are someone else I am still right here I will make you hurt If I could start again a million miles away I would keep myself I would find a way
Victor Young - Johnny Guitar (Vocal).xml
Play the guitar; play it again, my Johnny. Maybe your cold but you're so warm inside. I was always a fool for my Johnny; for the one they call Johnny Gutar. Play it again, Johnny Guitar. What if you go; what if you stay; I love you. What if you're cruel, you can be kind I know. There was never a man like my Johnny; like the one they call Johnny Gutar. There was never a man like my Johnny; like the one they call Johnny Gutar. Play it again, Johnny Guitar.
Traditional - Twinkle, twinkle, little star.xml
Twinkle, twinkle, little star, how I wonder what you are! Up above the world so high, Like a diamond in the sky.
Andy Iona, Johnny Kamano, Billy Faber - Along the pineapple trail.xml
In dreams I find that I'm back in old Hawaii along the pineapple trail I used to roam I saw my friends from each shack come out to greet me Along the pineapple trail when I got home the celebration started with fish and poi the delegation parted singing with joy I'd give the world to be back instead of dreaming along the pineapple trail my home sweet home. in dreams I home
unknown - Sing as we go.xml
Sing as we go and let the world go by Singing a song we march along the highway say goodbye to sorrow there's always tomorrow to think of to day sing as we go although the skies are grey beggar or king we've got to sing a gay tune, a song or a smile making life worthwhile so sing as we go along
Tommie Connor & Manning Sherwin - Who's Taking You Home Tonight.xml
Who's Taking You Home Tonight, after the dance is through, Who's going to hold you tight and whisper I love you I do. Who's the lucky boy that's going your way, to kiss you goodnight at your doorway. Who's Taking You Home Tonight darling, it's plain to see, I'm pleading, please let it be me.
Wayne Walker & Lucky Moeller 1957 - Are You Sincere.xml
are you sin cere when you say I love you are you sin cere when you say I'll be true? do you mean ev ry word that my ears have heard I'd like to know which way to go will our love grow are you sin cere (are you sin cere?) are you sin cere when you say you miss me (you miss me) are you sin cere ev ery time you kiss me (you kiss me) and are you real ly mine ev ery day all the time I'd like to know which way to go will our love grow are you sin cere (are you sin cere) are you real ly mine ev ery day all the time I'd like to know which way to go will our love grow you sin cere (are you sin cere)
Henry Hall, Kate Gibson - It's Time To Say Goodnight.xml
It's time to say goodnight, and it's time to close your eyes, Let's put out the light, till the dawn breaks through the skies. While long shadows creep May your dreams be sweet and bright In a moment you'll be sound asleep, It's time to say goodnight.
Diane Warren - There You'll Be.xml
When I think back on these times and the dreams we left behind, I'll be glad 'cause I was blessed to get to have you in my life. When I look back on these days I'll look and see you face. You were right there for me. In my dreams I'll always see you soar above the sky. In my heart there'll always be a place for you, for all my life. I'll keep a part of you with me, and ev'rywhere I am, there you'll be, and ev'rywhere I am there you'll be. Well, you showed me how it feels to feel the sky within my reach, and I always will remember all the strength you gave to me, Your love make me make it thru. Oh. I owe so much to you. You were right there for me. I my dreams I'll always see you soar above the sky. In my heart there'll always be a place for you, for all my life I'll keep a part of you with me, and ev'rywhere I am, there you'll be. 'Cause I always saw in you my light, my strength. and I wanna thank you now for all the ways you were right there for me You were right there for me, for always. In my dreams I'll always see you soar above the sky, In my heart there'll always be a place for you for all my life, I'll keep a part of you with me, and ev'rywhere I am there you'll be, and ev'rywhere I am there you'll be. There you'll be.
Eddie Espinoza 1982 - Change My Heart Oh God .xml
Change my Heart Oh God make it ev er true change my heart oh God make it more like you you are the pot ter I am the clay mold me and make me this is what I pray change my heart oh God make it ev er true change my heart oh God may i be like You Change my Heart Oh God make it ev er true change my heart oh God make it more like you you are the pot ter I am the clay mold me and make me this is what I pray change my heart oh God make it ev er true change my heart oh God may i be like You Change my Heart Oh God make it ev er true change my heart oh God make it more like you you are the pot ter I am the clay mold me and make me this is what I pray change my heart oh God make it ev er true Change my Heart Oh God make it more like you Je sus Oh Je sus come and fill your lam bs Je sus oh Je sus come and fill your lambs Je sus Oh Je sus come and fill your lam bs Je sus oh Je sus come and fill your lambs
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - The Song Is You.xml
I hear music when I look at you, a beautiful theme of ev'ry dream I ever knew, Down deep in my heart I hear it play, I feel it start, then melt away. I hear music when I touch your hand, a beautiful melody from some enchanted land, Down deep in my heart I hear it say Is this the day? I alone have heard this lovely strain, I alone have heard this glad refrain, Must it be forever inside of me, why can't I let it go, why can't I let you know, Why can't I let you know the song my heart would sing? That beautiful rhapsody of love and youth and spring, The music is sweet, The words are true, The song is you.
Hugh Martin, Ralph Blane - Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas.xml
Have yourself a merry little Christmas; Let your heart be light from now on, our troubles will be out of sight. Have yourself a merry little Christmas; Make the Yuletide gay. from now on, our troubles will be miles away here we are as in olden days, happy golden days of yore; Faithful friends who are dear to us gather near to us once more. Through the years we all will be together if the fates allow. hang a shining star upon the highest bough And have yourself a merry little Christmas now
Ira Schuster, Marty Symes - I'm Still Without A Sweetheart .xml
I'M STILL WITHOUT A SWEETHEART 'cuz I'm still in love with you. You're in my heart never to part, though you love somebody new. I hope that you'll be happy although it makes me blue. I'M STILL WITHOUT A SWEETHEART because I'm still in love with you.  love with you.
Dottie Rambo, 1969 - If That Isn't Love.xml
He left the splen dor of hea ven know ing His des ti ny was the lone ly hill of Gol go tha There to lay down His life for me If that is n't love the oc ean is dry There's no stars in the sky and the spar row can't fly If that Is n't love then heav en's a myth there's no feel ing like this if that is n't love Ev en in death he re mem bered the thief hang ing by His side He spoke with love and com pas sion then He took him to par i dise If that is n't love the oc ean is dry There's no stars in the sky and the spar row can't fly If that Is n't love then heav en's a myth there's no feel ing like this if that is n't love
Thom Bell and Linda Creed - Betcha By Golly Wow.xml
There's a spark  of  magic in your eyes. Candyland apprears each time you smile. Never thought  that fairy tales came true; Butthey come  true,  when I'm near  youYou're  a  genie in  disguise, Full  of  wonder and surprise  and Betcha bygolly  wow! You're the one that I've been waiting for forever and ever will my love for you keep growing strong, keep growing strong. IfI could I'd catch a falling star to shine on you  so  I'd know where you are, order rainbows  in your favorite shade, ShowI love  you,  thinking of  you. Write  your  name across  the  sky, any thing you ask I'll try,  cause Betcha bygolly wow You're the one that I've been waiting for forever and ever will my love for you keep growing strong, keep growing strong. Betcha bygolly wow! You're the one that I've been waiting for forever and ever will my love for you keep growing strong, keep growing strong. Betcha bygolly wow! You're the one I've been waiting for forever and ever will my love  for  you keep growing strong, keep growing strong. There's a spark  of  magic...
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - I've Got A Crush On You.xml
I've got a crush on you, sweetie pie, all the day and nighttime hear me sigh. I never had the least notion that I could fall with so much emotion. Could you coo? Could you care? for a cunning cottage we could share? The world will pardon my mush 'cause I've got a crush my baby on you.
Eugene Ford - Rain.xml
Rain, Let us cuddle while the rain pitterpatters on the pane and we're alone, A chance to while away a dreamy afternoon, A lovely peaceful afternoon, No one can see us; Rain, It's so cozy in the rain, There's no reason to complain if she's with you. To hold her hand and the it's ten to one you'll kiss her in the Rain, Rain, Rain. Rain.
Tsiolkovsky, Lynn Paul - Where (Tsiolkovsky's 6th symphony).xml
Where is the heaven that we hoped would be? Where is the gladness my heart came to see? Where is the rapture we can't recapture? Where is the future your love promised me? Where is the promise of the joy we knew? Where are you princess? Are you crying too? Why has it ended? Was love pretended? Where is the splendid world I shared with you? Where are you? Where are you? Why oh why did our love die? Where are you darling? Are you crying too?
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - All My Loving - VERSION 2.xml
eyes and I'll kiss you, Tomorrow I'll miss you, remember I'll always be true. And then while I'm away I'll write home evry day and I'll send ALL MY LOVING to you.
George M. Cohan - Give My Regards To Broadway.xml
Give my regards to Broadway remember me to Herald Square tell all the gang at forty second street that I will soon be there Whisper of how I'm yearningto mingle with the old time throng give my regards to old Broadway and say that I'll be there ere long.
Sim Simmons - Hi-jig-a-jig  hi-jig-a-jig.xml
My old mans a crooner a crooner a crooner he sings on the air tenderly and when he comes home in the evning the evning he starts in to serenade me singing Hijigajig hijigajig follow the band follow the band all the way  singing hijigajig hijigajig follow the band follow the band all the way singing way
Kurt Weill, Maxwell Anderson - September Song.xml.1
Oh it's a long, long while from May to December, but the days grow short, when you reach September. When the autumn weather turns the leaves to flame one hasn't got time for the waiting game. Oh the days dwindle down  to a precious few, September, November, And these few precious days I'll spend with you. These precious days I'll spend with you.
Harold Allen, Yip Harburg - Over The Rainbow.xml
When all the world is a hopeless jumble and the raindrops tumble all around Heaven opens a magic lane. when all the clouds darken up the skyway, there's a rainbow highway to be found leading from your window pane. to a place behind the sun, just a step beyond the rain. Somewhere over the rainbow way up high there's a land that I heard of once in a lulaby Somewhere over the rainbow skies are blue and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true Someday I'll wish upon a star and wake up where the clouds are far be hind me Where trouble melt like lemon drops away above the chimneys tops that's where you'll find me Somewhere over the rainbow bluebirds fly birds fly over the rainbow why then oh why can't I
Sigmund Romberg, Oscar Hammerstein II - Wanting You.xml
Wanting you, Ev'ry day I am wanting you, ev'ry night I am longing to, hold you close to my eaaer breast. Wanting love in that heaven I'm dreaming of, Makes that heaven seem far above any hope that I'll gan my quest. Dreams are vain, But I cling to the merest chance that you may hear me, Dreams are vain, For whenever I wake, I never find you near me. Wanting you, nothing else in this world will do, in this word you are all that I adore. All I adore.
Herbert  - Any Time.xml
Any time you're feeling lonely any time you're feeling blue an y time you feel downhearted that will prove your love for me is true any time you're thinking bout me thats the time I'll be thinking of you so any time you say you want me back again thats the time I'll come back home to you
Russian Folk Song - Dark Eyes.xml
Where the Volga flows, A sweet Russian Rose set my soul aflame, Sonia was her name. Her dark flashing eyes seemed to hypnotise, My heart missed a beat, When we two would meet. Where the When we two would meet.
Lenny Hambro - The Lonely One (Transcribed from Sil Austin with Lyrics Added).xml
There is a very quiet boy they call the lonely one. There's sorrow in his face and sadness in his eyes. And if you look into the heart within the lonely one, you'll find it's been deceived by broken vows and lies. Is it good to have pride with a longing to hide all your heartaches and fears? Is it wise to be cold and to struggle to hold back the tears? If you could only see the boy they call the lonely one, you'd know that since you're gone the lonely one is me. Is it good to have pride with a longing to hide all your heartaches and fears? Is it wise to be cold and to struggle to hold back the tears? If you could only see the boy they call the lonely one, you'd know that since you're gone the lonely one is me.
Benny Davis - Patricia.xml
Oh Patricia my darling Patricia I can see all my dreams in your eyes Your smile is as gay as a bright summer day your much fairer than Erins blue skies Oh Patricia my lovely Patricia you can make all my dreaming come true my heart is just drooling Patricia no fool ing I am fall ing in love with you
Robert Emmett Dolan, Johnny Mercer - A Month Of Sundays.xml
I'm glad I waited A Month Of Sundays to find somebody like you. I've seen more daybreaks turn into lonely nights, Those signs of Broadway should have that many lights. Have you tried waiting A Month Of Sundays for just one dream to come true? I'll have to own up, That if you hadn't shown up, There'd only be one thing to do, I'd wait for a million months of Sundays for you. I'm you.
Hughie Cannon - Bill Bailey.xml
Wont you come home Bill Bailey wont you come home? she moans the whole day long I'll do the cookin darlin I'll pay the rent I know I've done you wrong remember that rainy evening I drove you out with nothing but a fine tooth comb? I know I'm to blame, well aint it a shame Bill Bailey wont you please come home?
Jerry Herman - Hello, Dolly!.xml
Hello, Dolly well, Hello Dolly It's so nice to have you back where you belong. You're looking swell. Dolly. we can tell. Dolly, You're still glowin', you're still crowin' you're still goin' strong. We feel the room swayin', for the band's playin' one of your old fav'rite songs from 'way back when. So take her wrap, fellas, Find her an empty lap. fellas, Dolly'll never go away again, Helgolly gee, fellas, Find her a vacant knee, fellas.go away. Dolly'll never go away Dolly'll never go away again!
Johann Strauss Jr., adapted by Dimitri Tiomkin, Oscar Hammerstein II - I'm In Love With Vienna.xml
Ev'ry tree in the park, Ev'ry leaf on a tree, Waves a welcome to me, When I walk in Vienna. Ev'ry tree in the park, Ev'ry leaf on a tree, Ev'ry star in the sky, Knows that I am in love I'm in love with Vienna, I'm in love with Vienna. Ev'ry sight, ev'ry sound on the street is sweet and dear to me I was born in Vienna I was born in Vienna With a waltz in my heart, and with a heart that had to sing Sing about Vienna, Sing about her sights, and sing about her sounds, and sing about her nights, to her and to her life I ever will belong, for I'm a part of her song!
Johnny Mandel, Mike Altman - Suicide is Painless.xml
Through early morning fog I see visions of the things to be the pains that are withheld for me I realize and I can see that suicide is pain   less it brings on many changes and I can take or leave it if I please I please, and you can do the same thing if you please
Thomas Waller, Andy Razaf - Honeysuckle Rose.xml.2
Ev'ry honey bee fills with jealousy when they see you out with me. I don't blame them goodness knows Hon eysuckle Rose. When you're passin' by flowers droop and sigh, and I know the reason why. You're much sweeter goodness knows Honeysuckle Rose. Don't buy sugar, you just have to touch my cup. You're my sugar it's sweet when you stir it up When I'm takin' sips, from your tasty lips Seems the honey fairly drips. You're confection goodness knows, Hon eysuckle Rose.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney - If I Fell.xml.1
If  I  fell  in  love  with  you, would  you  promise  to  be  true and  help  me  understand 'cause  I've  been  in  love  before and  I  found  that  love  is  more than  just  holding  hands. If  I  give  my  heart  to  you I  must  be  sure  from  the  very  start that  you  would  love  me  more  than  her. If  I  trust  in  you, oh  please,  don't  run  and  hide. If  I  love  you  too, oh  please,  don't  hurt  my  pride  like  her 'cause  I  couldn't  stand  the  pain and  I  would  be  sad if  our  new  love  was  in  vain. So  I  hope  you'll  see that  I  would  love  to  love  you and  that  she  will  cry when  she  learns  we  are  two 'cause  I  couldn't  stand  the  pain and  I  would  be  sad if  our  new  love  was  in  vain. So  I  hope  you'll  see that  I  would  love  to  love  you and  that  she  will  cry when  she  learns  we  are  two if  I  fell  in  love  with  you.
Alfred Burt, Wihla Hutson - Caroling, Caroling.xml
Car oling, caroling, now we go, Christmas bells are ringing! Caroling, caroling, thru the snow, Christmas bells are ringing! Joyous voices sweet and clear, sing the sad of heart to cheer. Ding, dong, ding, dong, Christmas bells are ringing!  Caroling, caroling, thru the town, Christmas bells are ringing! Caroling, caroling up and down, Christmas bells are ringing! Mark ye well the song we sing, gladsome tidings now we bring.  Car oling, caroling, near and far, Christmas bells are ringing. Following, following yonder star, Christmas bells are ringing. Sing we all this happy morn. "Lo the King of heav'n is born!" Ding, dong, ding, dong, Christmas bells are ringing!
Jerome Kern, Buddy DeSylva - Look For The Silver Lining.xml
Look for the silver lining whene'er a cloud appears in the blue rememberr somewhere the sun is shining and so the right thing to do is make it shine for you a hear full of joy and gladness will always banish sadness and strife so always look for the silver lining and try to find the sunny side of life.
Johnny Mitchell, Robert Carr, Sam Weiss - We Belong Together.xml
You're mine, and we belong together, Yes, we belong together for eternity. You're mine, your kiss belongs to me, Yes, it belongs to only me, for eternity. You're my, my baby, as you'll always be, I love you so much. I swear by ev'rything, ev'rything I own, I'll always, always love you You're mine, and we belong together, Yes, we belong to geth er, for eternity.
Henry Mancini, Jay Livingston and Ray Evans - Mr. Lucky.xml
They call us lucky, you and I, Lucky girl, luck y guy. When you take my hand or touch my cheek I now I'm on a lifetime lucky streak. A lucky rainbow lights the sky When we kiss, when we sigh. They say I'm lucky, misterlucky guy and you're the reason why. They call us They say you're lucky mister lucky guy but darling, so am
Irving Berlin - Isn't This A Lovely Day.xml
The weather is fright'ning The thunder and lightning Seem to be having their way But as far as I'm concerned, it's a lovely day The turn in the weather Will keep us together So I can honestly say That as far as I'm concerned, it's a lovely day And ev'rything's o.k. Isn't this a lovely day To be caught in the rain? You were going on your way Now you've got to remain Just as you were going, leaving me all at sea The clouds broke, they broke and oh! What a break for me I can see the sun up high Tho' we're caught in the storm I can see where you and I Could be cozy and warm Let the rain pitter patter But it really doesn't matter If the skies are gray Long as I can be with you it's a lovely day
Franz Winkler, Malia Rosa - Forever And Ever.xml
For ever and ever my heart will be true sweet heart for ever I'll wait for you we both made a prom ise that wed never part lets seal it with a kiss forever my sweetheart let bygones be bygones for ev er we'll fall in love once a gain so lets tell the world of our new love divine for ever and ever you'll be mine.
John Lennon, Yoko Ono - Happy Xmas.xml.1
So this is Christmas and what have we done? Another year over, a new one just begun; And so this is Christmas, I hope you have fun the near and the dear ones, the old and the young. A merry, merry Christmas and a happy New Year, Let's hope it's a good one without any fear. And so this is Christmas for weak and for strong, the rich and the poor ones, the road is so long. And so, happy Christmas for black and for white, for the yellow and red ones, let's stop all the fights. A merry, merry Christmas and a happy New Year, let's hope it's a good one without any fear. Amd so this is Christmas and what have we done? Another year over, a new one just begun; And so this is Christmas, I hope you have fun the near and the dear ones, the old and the young. A merry, merry Christmas and a happy New Year, Let's hope it's a good one without anfear. War is over if you want it, war is over now. now.
Peter Wenrich, Jack Mahoney - When you wore a tulip.xml
When you wore a tulip a sweet yellowtulip and I wore a big red rose when you caressed me Twas then heaven blessed me what a blessing noone knows you made life cheery when you called me deary twas down where the blue grass grows your lips were sweeter than julep when you wore that tulip and I wore a big red rose.
Dick Reynolds & Jack Rhodes - Silver Threads And Golden Needles.xml
I don't want your lonely mansion, With a tear in ev'ry room All I want's the love you promised beneath the halo'd moon But you think I should be happy with your money and your name And hide myself in sorrow, while you play your cheatin' game Silver Threads And Golden Needles cannot mend this heart of mine And I dare not drown my sorrow in the warm glow of your wine But you think I should be happy with your money and your name And hide myself in sorrow, While you
Sigmund Romberg, Rida Johnson Young - Will You Remember (Sweetheart).xml
Ah, love is so sweet in the springtime, When blossoms are fragrant in May No years that are coming can bring time, To make me forget dear, this day. I'll love you in life's grey December, The same as I love you today, My heart, ever young, will remember The thrill it knew, that day in Sweetheart, sweetheart, sweetheart, will you love me ever?Will you remember this day, When we were happy in May, My dearest one? Sweetheart, sweetheart, sweetheart, Though our paths may sever, To life's last faint ember will you remember Springtime, Lovetime, May?
Gunnar Hoffsten & Tryggve Arnesson, Jack Lawrence - I Confess.xml
I confess it's you that I adore, I confess each day I love you more. Is it sinful to kiss you and thrill If it's sinful then darling I'm guilty. I confess the dreams I can't control, You possess my dreams, my very soul. I'm yours for the taking, I'll never give less. So answer "Yes," Confess what I confess. fess.
Leo Robin, Ralph Rainger - Blue Hawaii.xml
Night and you and Blue Hawa ii the night is heavenly and you are heaven to me Lovely you and Blue Hawa ii with all this loveliness there should be love Come with me while the moon is on the sea the night is young and so are we Dreams come true in Blue Hawa ii and mine could all come true this magic night of nights with you.
Charlie Winston - Like A Hobo.xml
I've always known, since I was a young boy, in this world everything's as good as bad Now my father told me: "always speak a true word" And I have to say that is the best advice I've had Because something burns inside of me, It's everything I long to be And lies; they only stop me from feeling free Oh Like a hobo from a broken home nothing gonna stop me Like a hobo from a broken home nothing gonna stop me Oh, oh
Lew Douglas, King Laney and Roy Roode - Why Don't You Believe Me?.xml
Why don't you believe me? It's you I adore. Forever and ever, Can I promise more? I've told you so often, the way that I care, Why don't you believe me? It just isn't fair. Here is a heart that is lonely, Here is a heart you can take, Hee is a heart for you only that you can keep or break. How else can I tell you? what more can I do? Why don't you believe me? I love only you.
Norman Span - Matilda,Matilda.xml
Matilda Matilda Matilda she take me money and run Venezuelah. Ev'rybody! Matilda, Matilda, Matilda she take me money and run Venezuelah. Five hundred dollars friends I lost what made me sell me cat and horse Hey a Matilda She take me money and run Venezuelah. Ev'ry body!
Don McLean - And I Love You So.xml.1
And I love you so The peo ple ask me how How I've lived 'till now I tell them I don't know I guess the un der stand how lone ly life has been but life be gan a gain the day you took my hand and yes, i know how lone ly life can be the shad dows fol low me and the night won't set me free But I don't let the ev ening get me down now that you're a round me. and you love me too your thoughts are just for me you set my spir it free I'm hap py that you do The book of life is brief and once a page is read all but life is dead and that is my be lief and yes, i know how lone ly life can be the shad dows fol low me and the night won't set me free But I don't let the ev ening get me down now that you're a round me.
Sir Arthur Sullivan, Sabine Baring-Gould - Onward, Christian Soldiers.xml
Onward Christian soldiers! Marching as to war, With the cross of Jesus going on before: Christ, the royal Master, Leads against the foe; Forward into battle See, His banners go. Onward, Christian soldiers Marching as to war, With the cross of Jesus going on before.
Eduardo di Capua - O Sole Mio.xml
Just like a sunrise you came to me you brought a new light the world to see your smile changed my whole life dear you came one day to light my way just like a sunrise you came to me you brought a new light the world to see your smile changed my whole life dear you came one day to light my way.
George Forrest, Herbert Stothart, Robert Wright, Rudolph Frinl - The Donkey Serenade.xml
There's a song in the air but the fair senorita doesn't seem to care for the song in the air so Ill sing to the mule If your sure she wont think that I am just a fool sere Amigo mio dos she not have a dainty bray? she listens carefully to each little tune you play si, si mi mucha tito she'd love to sing it too if only she knew the way but try as she may in her voice theres a flaw and all that the lady can say is Eesenorita donkey sita not so fleet as a mosquito but so sweet like my Chiquita youre the one for me
Eddy Arnold, Cindy Walker - You Don't Know Me.xml
You give your hand to me, and then you say hel lo, and I can hardly speak my heart is beat ing so and an yone can tell you think you know me well but you don't know me. No, you don't know the one who dreams of you at night and longs to kiss you lips and longs to hold you tight to you I'm just a friend that's all I've ever been but you don't know me For I never knew the art of making love though my heart ached with love for you. Afraid and shy I'd let my chance go by, the chance you too You give your hand to me, and then you say goodbye I watch you walk away beside a lucky guy you'll never never know the one who loves you so but you don't know me. You give your me.
Alex North 1955, Hy Zaret 1955 - Unchained Melody.xml
Oh, my love, my darling, I've hungered for your touch a long, lonely time. Time goes by so slowly and time can do so much. Are you still mine? I need your love, I need your love, God speed your love to me. Lonely riversflow to the sea, to the sea, to the open arms of the sea. Lonely riverssigh, "Wait for me, wait for me, I'll be coming home, wait for
Ellis Reynolds, A.J. Neiburg, Doc Dougherty - I'm Confessin' That I love You.xml
I'm confessin' that I love you, tell me, do you love me too? I'm confessin' that I need you, honest I do, need you ev'ry moment. In your eyes I read such strange things but your lips deny they're true. Will your answer really change things, making me blue? I'm afraid someday you'll leave me saying "Can't we still be friends?" If you go you know you'll grieve me; all in life on you depends. Am I guessing that you love me, Dreaming dreams of you in vain? I'm confessin' that I love you over again.
Mark Hoppus - No, It Isn't.xml
Please, understand this isn't just goodbye, this is I can't stand you, this is where the road crashed into the ocean. It rises all around me and now we barely breathin'. A thousand faces we'll choose to ignore. Curse my enemies forever. Let's slit our wrist and burn down some thing beautiful. This desperation leaves me overjoyed with fadin' lights that lead us past the lives that we destroy. I listen to your cry, a cry for less attention, but both my hands are tied and I'm pushed into the deep end. I listen to your talk but talk is cheap and my mouth is filled with blood from tryin' not to speak. So search for an excuse and someone to believe you in foreign dressing room. I'm empty with the need to. Curse my enemies forever. Let's slit our wrist and burn down something beautiful. This desperation leaves me overjoyed with fadin' lights that lead us past the lives that we destroy. Curse my enemies forever. Let's slit our wrist and burn down something beautiful. This desperation leaves me overjoyed with fadin' lights that lead us past the lives that we destroy. Please, understand. Lay rottin' where I fall, I'm dead from bad intention. Suffocated and embalded and now all our dreams are cash'd in. You swore you wouldn't lose then lost your brain. You make a sound that feels like pain. So, please, understand this isn't just goodbye, this is I can't stand you,
They might be Giants - Experimental Film.xml
The color of infinity inside an empty glass I'm squinting my eye and turning off and on and on and off the light It's for this experimental film Which nobody knows about and which I'm still figureing out what's goin' a go in my experimental film Yeah you're all gonna be in this experimental film and even though I can't explain it I already know how great it's I already know the ending it's the part that makes your face implode I don't know what makes your face implode but that's the way the movie ends. It's for this experimental film Which nobody knows about and which I'm still figureing out what's goin' a go in my experimental film Yeah you're all gonbe in this experimental film and even though I can't explain it I already know how great it's even though I can't explain it I already know how great it's The color of infinity inside an empty glass It's for this experimental film Which nobody knows about and which I'm still figureing out what's goin' to go in my experimental film Yeah you're all gonbe in this experimental film and even though I can't explain it I already know how great it's gonna yeah you're gonna be in this experimental film and even though I can't explain it I already know how great it's even though I can't explain it I already know how great it's
Dave Bartholomew and Dave King - One Night With You.xml
One  night  with  you is  what  I'm  now  praying  for. The  things  that  we  two  could  plan would  make  my  dreams  come  true. Just  call  my  name and  I'll  be  right  by  your  side. I  want  your  sweet  helping  hand, My  love's  too  strong  to  hide. Always  lived  a  very  quiet  life, I  ain't  never  did  no  wrong. Now  I  know  that  life  without  you has  been  too  lone ly  too long. One  night  with  you Is  what  I'm  now  praying  for. The  things  that  we  two  could  plan would  make  my  dreams  come  true. Al ways lived a very quiet life, I ain't never did no wrong. Now I know that life without you has been too lonely too lo ng. One night with you is what I'm now praying for. The things that we two could plan would make my dreams come true.
Lee Holdridge, Carol Connors - A Love Until The End Of Time.xml
I love you with a heart that knows no one but you,  A love I never thought I'd find. A love that comes just once and never comes again, a love until the end of time. I give you all the love I have in me to give, if I could only make you mine, I'd love you with a love I've never known before, a love until the end of time. I can't believe that you are not a dream You.re ev'rything I wanted you to be, I always knew someday that I would find A love like ours until the end of time. I love you with a heart that knows no other love, a love I can't believe is mine. Now that I've found you, I will never let you go, From now until the end of time. I can't believe that you are not a dream You.re ev'rything I wanted you to be, I always knew someday that I would find A love until the end of time;
Traditional - Drunken Sailor.xml.1
'Way, hey, up she rises. 'Way, hey, up she rises. 'Way, hey, up she rises earlye in the mornin' What will you do with a drunken sailor, What will you do with a drunken sailor, What will you do with a drunken sailor, Earlye in the mornin'
Eugene McDaniels - Feel Like Makin' Love.xml
Strollin' in the park watchin' winter turn to spring. Walkin' in the dark seein' lovers do their thing. That's the time I feel like makin' love to you. That's the time I feel like makin dreams come true Oh, baby When you talk to me, when you're moanin' sweet and low. When you're touchin' me, And my feelings start to show.
Johnny Marks - When Santa Claus Gets Your Letter.xml
When Santa Claus gets your letter, you know what he will say: "Have you been good the way you should on ev'ry single day?" When Santa Claus gets your letter, to ask for Christmas toys, He'll take a look in his good book he keeps for girls and boys. He'll stroke his beard, his eyes will glow and at your name he'll peer; It take a little time you know, to check back one whole year! When Santa Claus gets your letter, I really do believe, You'll head his list, you won't be missed by Santa on Christmas eve. When
Benny Anderson, Bjorn Ulvaeus, Stig Anderson - Mamma Mia.xml
I've been cheated by you since I dont know when So I made up my mind it must come to an end Look at me now will I ever learn I dont know how but I suddenly lose control there's a fire withinmy soul just a look and I can hear a bell ring one more look and I forgeteverything Oh Mama mia here I go again my my how can I resist you Mama mia does it show again my my just how much I've missed you Yes I've been bro ken heart ed blue since the day we part ed why why did I ever let you go Mama Mia now I really know my my I could never let you go.
Ben Peters, Vivian Keith - Before The Next Teardrop Falls.xml
If he brings you happiness then I wish you both the best, its your happiness that matters most of all but if he ever breaks your heart if the teardrops ever start I'll be there before the next teardrop falls Tho' it hurts to let you go darling I want you to know that I'll stand by you if ever you should call and if I should ever hear that he made you shed a tea falls I'll be there any time you need me by your side to dry away ev'ry teardrop that you cried and if he ever leaves you blue justremember I love you falls yes I'll be there before the next teardrop falls.
William J. Kirkpatrick  - Away In A Manger.xml
Away in a manger no crib for a bed, the little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head. The stars in the bright sky looked down where he lay, the little Lord Jesus asleep on the hay. The cattle are lowing, the poor Baby wakes, But little Lord Jesus, No crying he makes: I love Thee Lord Jesus, look down from the sky, And stay by my cradle, Till morn ing is
Willie Nelson - Funny How Time Slips Away.xml
Well hello there! My, it's been a long, long time. How am I doin? Oh I guess I'm doin' fine. It's been so long now, but it seems now, it was only yesterday. Gee ain't it funny how time slips away. How's your new love? I hope that he's doin' fine. I heard you told him that you'd love him for a long, long time. Now that's the same thing that you told mee, seems like just the other day. Gee ain't it funny how time slips away. I got to go now! I guess I'll see you around. Don't know when though. Never know when I'll be back in town. But remember what I tell you; in time you're gonna pay. Ain't it surpri sing how time slips away.
Dicky Lee - She thinks I still care.xml
Just because I ask a friend about her Just because I spoke her name somewhere just because I saw her then went all to piec es she thinks I still care, but if she's happy thinkin I still miss her then let that silly notion bring her cheer ow could she ever be so foolish Oh where would she get such an idea? Just because I haunt the same old pla ces where the memry of her lingers evry where just be just because I saw her then went all to piec es she thinks I still care.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - I Married An Angel.xml
Have you heard I married an angel, I'm sure that the change will be awf'lly good for me. Have you heard, An angel I married, To heaven she's carried this fellow with a kiss. She is sweet and gentle, So it isn't strange, When I'm sentimental, She loves me like an angel. Now you've heard, I married an angel, This beautiful change 'll be awf'lly good for me. me.
Billy Strayhorn - Lush Life.xml
I used to visit all the ver y gay places those comewhat may places, where one relaxes on the axis of the wheel of life to get the feel of life, from jazz and cocktails. The girls I knew had sad and sullen gray faces with distinque traces that used to be there, you could see where they'd been washed away by too many thru the day twelve o'clock tales Then you came along with your siren song to tempt me to madness I thought for awhile that your poignant smile was tinged with the sadness of a great love for me. Ah! yes, I was wrong, a gain I was wrong. Life is lonely again and onlly ladst year ev'rything seemed so sure. Now life is awful again, a troughful of hearts could only be a bore. A week in Paris will ease the blue of it; all I care is to smile in spite of it. I'll forget you I will while yet you are still burning inside my brain. Romance is mush, stifling those who strive. I'll live a lush life in some small dive, and there I'll be, while I rot with the rest of those whose lives are lonely too.
Otis Rene, Emerson Scott, Leone Rene - Someone's Rocking My Dreamboat.xml
Someone's rocking my dreamboat. Someone's invading my dreams; We were sailing along peaceful and calm, suddenly something went wrong. Someone's rocking my dreamboat, disturbing a beautiful dream. It's a mist'ry to me this mut'ny at sea, Who can it be. (Who can it be) A friendly breeze gave us a start to a paradise all our own. All at once a storm blew us apart, and left me drifting alone. Someone's rocking my dreamboat, I'm captain without any crew, But with love as my guide I'll follow the tide, I'll keep sailing till I find you.
Max Martin, Rami Yacoub - Overprotected.xml
Action! Say hello to the girl that I am. You're gonna have to see through my perspective. I need to make mistakes just to learn who I am and I don't wanna be so damn protected. There must be another way 'cuz I believe in taking chances, but who am I to say what a girl is to do? God, I need some answers. What am I to do with my life? (You will find it out, don't worry) How am I supposed to know what's right? (You just got to do it your way) I can't help the way I feel, but my life has been so over protected. I tell 'em what I like, what I won't, and what I don't, but ev'rytime I do I stand corrected. Things that I have known I can't believe what I hear about the world I realize I'm over protected. There must be another way 'cuz I believe in taking chances, but who am I to say what a girl is to do? God, I need some answers. What am I to do with my life? (You will find it out, don't worry) How am I supposed to know what's right? (You just got to do it your way) I can't help the way I feel, but my life has been so over protected. I need time, love, I need space. This is it. I don't need nobody tellin' me just what I'm wanna, what, I what, what, what I'm gonna (I need) do about my destiny, I say no. no, nobody tellin' me just what I wanna do, do. I'm so fed up with people tellin' me to bee someone else but me! Action! Yeah! What am I to do with my life? (You will find it out, don't worry) How am I supposed to know what's right? (You just got to do it your way) I can't help the way I feel, but my life has been so over protected. I don't need nobody tellin' me just what I'm wanna, what, I what, what, what I'm gonna (I need) do about my destiny, I say no. no, nobody tellin' me just what I wanna do, do. I'm so fed up with people tellin' me to bee someone else but me! What am I to do with my life? (You will find it out, don't worry) How am I supposed to know what's right? (You just got to do it your way) I can't help the way I feel, but my life has been so over protected.
Bill Trader, Bill Trader 1952 - (Now And Then There's) A  fool such as I .xml
Pardon me if I'm sentimental when we say goodbye don't be angry with me should I cry when you're gone yet I'll dream a little dream as years go by Now and then there's a fool such as I now and then there's a fool such as I am over you You taught me how to love and now you say that we are through I"m a fool but I'll love you dear until the day I die Now and then there's a fool such as I Pardon I
Greg Nelson, William J & Gloria Gaither, 1982 - We Are So Blessed.xml
we are so blessed by the gifts of your hand we just can't un der stand why you loved us so much we are so blessed we just can't find a way or the words that can say thank you Lord for your touch when we're emp ty you fill us 'til we o ver flow when we're hun gry you feed us and cause us to know we are so blessed take what we have to bring take it all ev ery thing Lord we love you so much we are so blessed by the things You have done the vict ories You've won and what You've brought us through we are so blessed take what we have to bring take it all ev ery thing Lord we bring it to you when we're emp ty you fill us 'til we o ver flow when we're hun gry you feed us and cause us to know we are so blessed take what we have to bring take it all ev ery thing Lord we love you so much Lord we love you so much
Paul Weston, Bob Russell - No Other Love.xml
No other love, can warm my heart, now that I've known the com fort of your arms. No other love. Oh the sweet contentment that I find with you ev'ry time ev'ry time. No other lips, would want you more, For I was born to glory in your kiss. Forever yours, I was blessed with love to love you, till the stars burn out above you. Till the moon is but a silver shell. No other love, let no other love, know the wonder of your spell.
Rafael Duchesne, Art Kassel, Irving Caesar - You Never Say Yes, You Never Say No.xml
You never say yes You never say no, Got me in the middle and you won't let me go You're ninety above or thirty below, Baby you're a riddle and you worry me so. Won't you give me a break am I so hard to take? Baby it may be you're blind. If we're not on the beam just walk out of my dream, wake up and make up your mind. You never say no, you never say yes, I'll be going crazy 'cause you're making me guess. You never say yes, you never say no, Get me in the middle and you won't let me go.
Cole Porter - Another Op'nin', Another Show.xml
Another op'nin', another show In Phily, Boston or Baltimoe, A chance for stage folks to say "hello another op'nin,' of another show. Another job that you hope, at last, Will make your future forget your past, Another pain where the ulcers grow, Another op'nin' of another show. Four weeks you reherse and reherse, three weeks and it couldn't be worse. One week, will it ever be right? Then out o' the hat, it's that big first night! the overture is about to start, You cross your fin gers and hold your heart, It's curtain time and away we go, Another op'nin' of another show. Another op'nin', just another op'nin' ofan other show!
Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller - Lucky lips.xml
When I was just a little baby I didnt have many toys by my momma used to say son you got more than other boys now you may not be good looking and you may not be too rich but you'll never ever be alone cos you've got luck y lips lucky lips are always kissing lucky lips are never blue lucky lips will always find a pair of lips so true dont need a four leaf clo ver rabbits foot or good luck charm with lucky lips you'll always have a baby in your arms I arms lucky baby in your arms,
Jimmy Fontana, il mondo - My World (Il Mondo).xml
Stay beside me, stay beside me Say you'll never leave me. How I love you, how I love you how I need you, Please believe me In your arms I found my heaven, And your lips have done their part Il Mon do Your love is all I need in my world. Let tender kisses plead in my world. How could I ever live without you. Il Mon do My heart belongs to you so take it. And promise me you'll never break it. Say you'll stay here in my arms. arms. here in my arms.
Paul Anka - I Love You Baby.xml
..As I walk by the seaside, As I walk thro' the grass, I see little bluebirds making love while I pass. Bees are hummin' and there's singing ev'rywhere Ev'ry one's in love.Oh oh oh oh I love you baby, I love you so, I need you, honey, I'll never let you go, 'Cos you're the girl in my life You're the one I adore and Ilove you. ..As I walk by the schoolyard, as I walk by the gate, I see the weeping willow where we kiss'd on ev'ry date And carved in the bark you'll find an arrow and a heart And underneath it says;:you.
Richard Rodgers, Oascar Hammerstein II - You'll Never Walk Alone.xml
When you walk through a storm hold your head up high and don't be afraid of the dark at the end of the storm is a golden sky and the sweet silver song of a lark Walk on through the wind, walk on through the rain tho' your dreams be tossed and blown walk on walk on with hope in your heart and you'll never walk alone you"ll never walk alone! When you lone!
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice - I Don't Know How To Love Him.xml
I don't know how to love him what to do, how to move him I've been changed yes, really changed in these past few days when I've seen myself I seem like someone else I dont know how to take this I dont see why he moves me Hes a man he's just a man and I've had so manymen before in very many ways He's just one more Should I bring him downshould scream and shout should I speak of love let my feelings out? I never thought I'd come to this Whats it al about Dont you think its rather funny I should be in this position?I'm the one who's always been So calm so cool no lovers fool Running ev'ry show He scares me so Yet if he said he loved me I'd be lost I'd be frightened couldn't cope just couldn't cope I'd turn my head I'd back away I wouldn't want to know He scares me so. I want him so I him so.
George David Weiss, Gary Bisaga, Bob Thiele - What a Wonderful World.xml
I see trees of green, red roses too, I see them bloom for me and you, and I think to myself What A Wonderful World. I see skies of blue and clouds of white, the bright blessedday, the dark sacred night, and I think to myself What A Wonderful World. The colors of the rainbow, so pretty in the sky are also on the faces of people goin' by, I see friends shakin' hands, sayin', "How do you do!" They're really sayin' "I Iove you," I hear babies cry I them grow. learn much more than I'll ever know, and I think to myself What A Won derful World. Yes, I think to my self What A Won der ful World.
Charles Fox, Norman Gimbel - Ready To Take A Chance Again.xml
You remind me I live in a shell safe from the past, and doin' okay, but not very well. No jolts no surprises, no crsis arises. My life goes along as it should, it's all very nice, but not very good. And I'm ready to take a chance again, ready to put my love on the line with you. Been living with nothing to show for it. You get what you get when you go for it, and I'm ready to take a chanceagain with you. When she left me in all my despair, I just held on. My hopes were all gone, then I found you there. And I'm ready to take a chance again ready to take a chance again with you. with you.
Traditional English - John Peel.xml
Do you know John Peel with his coat so gay? do you know John Peel at the break of day do you know John Peel when he's far far away with his hounds and his horn in the morning and the sound of the horn brought me from my bed and the cry of the hounds which he ofttimes led for Peels view halloo would a waken the dead or the fox from his lair in the morning
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - What's New Pussycat.xml
What's new Pussycat Whoa What's new Pussycat whoa oh.. Oh  Pussycat, Pussycat, I've got flowers and lots of hours to spend with you. So go and powder your cute little pussycat nose. Pussycat, Pussycat I love you, yes I do. You and your pussycat nose.  Pussycat, Pussycat you're so thrilling and I'm so willing to care for you. So go and make up your big little pussycat eyes. Pussycat, Pussycat I love you, yes I do. You and your'e pussycat lips. You and your pussycat eyes. You and your pussycat nose.
Harry Warren - There will never be another you.xml
there will be many other nights like this, And I'll be standing here with someone new, There will be other songs to sing, another fall, another spring, but there will never be another you There will be other lips that I may kiss, but they won't thrill me like yours used to do, Yes, I may dream a million dreams but how can they come true, if there will never, ever, be another you?
Rusty Goodman 1983 - Look for Me.xml
When you fin aly make your en trance to the Ci ty of jas per wall and bright gol den av e nue as you be hold all its beau ty and its splen dor re mem ber there's just one re quest I make of you look for me for I will be there too I re a lize when you ar rive there'll be so much to view Af ter you're been there ten thou sand years a mil lion may be two look for me for I will be there too as you go down your list of firsts there's no ques tions you'dd went to see loved ones wait ing there for you and when you feel you've shared your sto ry with the last one that wants to hear you toll just how you made it through look for me I'd like to hear it too I re a lize when you ar rive there'll be so much to view Af ter you've been there ten thou sand years a mil lion may be two look for me for I will be there
Daniel Decatur Emmett  - Dixie.xml
I wish I was in the land of cotton old times there are not forgotten look a way, look away, look away Dixie land. in Dixieland where I was born in early on one frosty morning look away. look away, look away Dixie land I wish I was in Dixie hooray, hooray in Dixieland I'll take my stand, to live and die in Dixie away, away, away down south in Dixie away away away down south in Dixie I Dixie
Richard Rodgers - The Sweetest Sounds.xml
The Sweetest Sounds I'll ever hear Are still inside my head. The kindest words I'll ever know Are waiting to be said. The most entrancing sight of all is yet for me to see. And the dearest love in all the world is waiting somewhere for me. is waiting somewhere, Somewhere for me.
Afrojack, David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort, Sia Furler - Titanium.xml
You shout it loud but I can't hear a word you say. I'm talkingloud not saying much I'm criticized but all your bullets rich ochet shoot me down but I get up I'm bullet proof nothing to lose fire away fire away Richochet you take your aim Fire away fire away. You shoot me down but I won't fall I am ti ta ni um You shoot me down but I won't fall I am tita ni um Stone hard Machine gun fired at the ones who run. Stone hard as bullet proof glass. you shoot me down but I won't fall I am tita ni um you shoot me down but I won't fall I am tita ni um
Joan Whitney, Alex Kramer - Far Away Places.xml
Far away places with strange soundin' names; Far away over the sea. Those far away places with the strange soundin' names are callin', callin' me. Goin' to China or maybe Siam, I wanna see for myself; those far away places I've been reading about in a book that I took from the shelf. I start gettin' restless whenever I hear the whistle of a train. I pray for the day I can get underway and look for those castles in Spain. They call me a dreamer. Well maybe I am. But I know that I'm burnin' to see, those far away places with the strange soundin' names callin', callin' me.
Sergio Mendes, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - So Many Stars.xml
The dawn is filled with dreams, so many dreams, which one is mine? One must be right for me. Which dream, of all the dreams, when there's a dream for ev'ry star? and there are oh so many stars, so many stars. The wind is filled with songs, so ma ny songs, which one is mine? One must be right for me. Which song of all the songs, when there's a song for ev'ry star? and there are oh so many stars, so many stars. Alone the countless days, the end less nights, that I have searched so many eyes, so many hearts, so ma ny smiles Which one to choose? Which way to go? How can I tell? How can I know? Out of oh, so many stars, so many stars.
Benny Anderson, Bjorn Ulvaeus - I do I do I do I do I do.xml
Love me or leave me make your choice but believe me I love you I do I do I do I do I do I can't con ceal it dont you see cant you feel it dont you too? I do I do I do I do I do Oh I've been dream in thru my lonely past now I just made it I found you at last so come on now lets try it I love you cant deny it cos its true I do I do I do I do I do
John Hughes, Gwyrosydd - Calon Lan.xml
I'd not ask a life that's easy Gold and pearls so little mean Rather seek a heart that's joyful heart that's honest heart that's clean Heart that's clean and filled with virtue Fairer far than lilies white, Only pure hearts praise God truly Praise Him all the day and night.
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - The Folks Who Live on the Hill.xml
Some day we'll build a home on a hilltop high you and I Shiny and new, a cottage that two can fill and we'll be pleased to be called the folks who live on the hill Some day we may be adding a thing or two a wing or two We will make changes as any family will but we will always be called the folks who live on the hill Our veranda will command a view of meadows green the sort of view that seems to want to be seen and when the kids grow up and leave us we'll sit and look at that same old view just we two Darby and Joan who used to be Jack and Jill the folks who like to be called what they have always been called the folks who live on the hill.
Ciro Dammico,  Fred Jay - When A Child Is Born.xml
A ray of hope flickers in the sky a tiny star lights up way up high All across the land dawns a brand new morn this comes to pass when a child is born.
Rudolf  Friml, Otto Harbach, Gus Kahn - Sympathy Waltz.xml
You need sympathy, sympathy, just sympathy! I'm just trying to be Friendly and gentle, not sentimental., so if I touch your hand, Don't misunder stand it's meaning, You must know I'm not showins sympathy. I need sympathy, sympa thy, just sympathy! Tho' I'm trying to be, Proper and nice, I'm not made of ice and if my poor heart skips a beat, Each time we meet, don't blame me, Tho' I know you're but showing sympa
Carole King - It's Too late.xml
Stayed  in  bed  all  morning  just  to  pass  the  time. There's  some thing  wrong  here, there  can  be  no  denying. One of us  is  changing, or  maybe  we've  just  stopped  trying. And it's too  late  baby,  now  it's  too  late though  we  really  did  try  to  make  it. Some thing  inside  has  died  and  I  can't  hide and  I  just  can't  fake  it. It  used  to  be  so  easy  living  here with  you. You  were  light  and  breezy and I knew  just  what  to  do. Now  you  look so  unhappy, and I  feel  like  a  fool. And it's too  late  baby,  now  it's  too  late though  we  real ly  did  try  to  make  it. Some thing  inside  has  died  and  I  can't hide and  I  just  can't  fake  it. There'll be good times  again  for  me and  you. But  we  just  can't  stay  together don't you feel it  too? Still  I'm  glad  for  what  we  had and  how I  once  loved  you. And it's too  late  baby,  now  it's  too  late though  we  really  did  try  to  make  it. Some thing  inside  has  died  and  I  can't hide and  I  just  can't  fake  it. It's too late! It's too late baby. It's too late now darlin'. It's Too Late!
Alvaro Carrillo, English Lyrics by Alan Bernstein - Yellow Days.xml
I remember when the sunlight had a special kind of brightness, and the laughter has a lover's kind of lightness\, yellow days, yellow days. She would hold me, and a smile would spread around us so completely, and the softness of a kiss would linger sweetly, yellow days, yellow days. But then came thunder and I heard her say goodbye thru tears of wonder, now I'm all alone and my heart wants to know, yellow days, where'd yo go. Life is empty, and the sunlight seems so hars instead of tender, and the laughter's just an echo I remember, from yellow days, yellow days.
Robert Hargreaves, Stanley J Damerell & Tolchard Evans - Unless.xml
Unless you give me your sunny smile, Unless you make living worth the while, Unless you will be so tender to me, then life will be just empty time. Unless my presence can make you glad, Unless my absence can make you sad, then nought in the whole wide world could console, Unless your heart is mine.
Bob Dorough, Dave Frishberg - Listen Here.xml
When you're still, do you hear one small voice, crystal clear, saying, "Listen Here, my friend, Listen Here"? Well, that voice is your own, and it speaks to you alone, "You can count on me", it says, "So Listen Here?' This is you, this is real, this is truly the way you feel. You can run, You can hide, oh, but some time, some place, we each of us wind up face to face with that little voice inside. So we hope and we yearn, and we live and sometimes learn from the little voice that whispers crystal clear. And we each hear the call, 'cause it's calling to us all "Follow me" it says, "Never fear, Listen Here, old friend, Listen Here, dummy, Listen Here?'
Jan Morgenstern, Esther Wouda - I Move On (Sintel's song).xml
Come take my journey into night come be my shadow. wait at my side and when you see all that I have seen can you tell me love from pride? I have been waiting all this time for one to wake me, one to call mine so when you're near all that you hold dear do you fear what you will find? As the dawn breaks through the night I move on, forever longing for the home I found in your eyes I will be listening for the drum to call me over, far away from my tender youth and the very truth showing me what I've become eyes your voice saw me through the night.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, based on T. S. Eliot's poems Preludes & Rhapsody on a Windy Night , Trevor Nunn - Memory.xml
Midnight not a sound on the pavementHas the moon lost her memory? She is smiling alone. in the lamplight the withered leaves collect at my feet and the wind begins to moan Memory all alone in the moonlightI can smile at the old days. I was beautiful then. I remember the time I knew what happi ness was, let the Every street lamp seems to beat a fatalis tic warning. Someone mutters and a street lamp gutters and soon it will be morning Daylight. I must wait for the sunrise I must think of a new life and I mustn't give in When the dawn comes tonight will be a memory too and a new day will begin.Burnt out ends of smoky days the stale cold smell of morning The street lamp dies another night is over, another day is dawning. Touch me it's so easy to leave me all alone in the memory of my days in the sun. If you touch me you'll understand what happi ness is Look a new day has be gun
Rosie Hamlin - Angel Baby.xml
It's just like heaven being here with you. You're like an angel, too good to be true. But after all, I love you, I do. Angel baby my angel baby. When you are near me, my heart skips a beat. I can hardly stand on my own two feet. Because I love you, I love you, I do. Angel baby, my angel baby. Ooh, ooh, I love you, ooh, ooh, I do. No one could love you like I do. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Please never leave me blue and alone. If you ever go, I'm sure you'll come back home. Because I love you, I love you, I do. Angel baby, my angel baby. It's just like heaven,when I'm with you, dear. I could never stay away without you near. Because I love you, I love you, I do. Angel baby my angel baby. Ooh, ooh, I love you, ooh, ooh, I do. No one could love you like I do. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh,
Arthur Johnston, Sam Coslow - Just One More Chance.xml
Just one more chance, to prove it's you aone I care for, each night I say a little pray'r for Just one mor chance. Just one more night to taste the kisses that enchant me, I'd want no others if you'd grant me just one more chance. I've learn'd the meaning of repentance. now you're the jury at my trial. I know that I should serve my sentence; still I'm hoping all the while you'll give me Just one more word, I said that I was glad to start out, but now I'm back to cry my heart out for just one more chance
Ray Boltz & Steve Millikan 1989 - The Altar.xml
just as I am with out one plea but that Thy blood was shed for me and that thou bidst me come to Thee O Lamb of God I come I come the ser vice is near ing an end the choir is sing ing "Just as I am and now as the old song is played peo ple at the al tar are kneel ing down to pray and some are find ing mer cy for give ness for their sins some are fight ing bat tles and they're strug gl ing to win the time has come to give them to the Lord that's what this al tar is for that's what this al tar is for you don't have to car ry those bur dens an y more there's a light in the dark ness there's a love that's true and Je sus is wait ing He is wait ing here for you go quick ly now be fore they close the door that's what this al tar is for A fa ther is pray ing for his son a mother kneels beside them thanking God they've come an old man is stand ing there in tears giv ing up a part of him that he's held back for years hearts are be ing bro ken lives are be ing changed those who call up on Him they will nev er be the same the time has come to give in to the Lord that's what this al tar is for that's what this al tar is for you don't have to car ry those bur dens an y more there's a light in the dark ness there's a love that's true and Je sus is wait ing He is wait ing here for you go quick ly now be fore they close the door that's what this al tar is for that's what this al tar is for you don't have to car ry those bur dens an y more there's a light in the dark ness there's a love that's true and Je sus is wait ing He is wait ing here for you go quick ly now be fore they close the door and you can give your bur dens to the Lord that's what this al tar is for
Carl Butler, Gladys Stacey, Louise Certain, Marijohn Wilkin - Crying My Heart Out Over You.xml
Somewhere the music's playing soft and low and a stranger holds the one that I love so I was blind, I could not see that you meant the world to me but like a fool I stood and watched you go now I'm cry ing my heart out over you those blue eyes now they smile at someone new Ever since you went away I die a little more each day for I'm crying my heart out over you. each night I climb the stairs up to my room it seems I hear you whisper in the gloom Imiss your picture on the wall and your footsteps in the hall while I'm crying my heart out over you you
Luigi Denza, Edward Oxenford - Funiculi,  Funicula.xml
Some think the world is made for fun and frolic and so do I and so do I some think it well to be all melancholic to pine and sigh to pine and sigh But I I love to spend my time in singingsome joyous song some joyous song to set the air with music bravely ringing is far from wrong is far from wrong Listen listen echoes sound afar listen listen echoes sound afar Funiculi funicula funiculi funicula echoes sound afar Funnicupa funicula
Billy Butt - It's Christmas In New York.xml.1
Churchbells are ringing, choirs are singing, joy they are bringing, it's Christmas in New York. Streetlights are pleasing, snowflakes are teasing, Central Park's freezing, it's Christmas in New York. The stars in the heavens are so bright, they tell of a baby that was born on this night. Rest'rant signs swaying, blue skies are graying, ev'ryones saying, it's Christmas in New York. Skyscrapers gleaming, Broadway lights beaming, children are dreaming, it's Christmas in New York. The lights on the Christmas tree are fine, the sights of the shopping sprees, the gifts, yours and mine. Stockings are filling, champaigne is chilling, it's all so thrilling it's Christmas in New York. Log fires are burning Santa's returning, filling each yearning, it's Christmas in New York Instrumental Instrumental Church bells are ringing, choirs are singing joy they are bringing, it's Christmas in New York. It's Christmas in New York. It's Christmas in New York.
E. A. Swan - When Your Lover Has Gone.xml
For ages and ages the poets and sages, of love wondrous love often sing. But ask any lover and you'll soon discover the heartaches that romance can bring. When your alone who cares for starlit skies When your alone The magic moonlight dies At break of dawn There is no sunrise When your lover has gone. What lonely hours the ev'ning shadows bring What lonely hours With mem'ries lingering like faded flow'rs Life can't mean anything when your lover has gone. gone.
Charles Tobias, Al Frisch - The Wonderful World of Christmas.xml
The wonderful world of Christmas, is a wonderful world to behold. The wonderful world of Christmas was made for the young and the old. The smile and good cheer of each neighbor, and children with cheeks all a glow. So warms is the Christmasy feeling with the tree tops all wrapped up in snow. Listen to those wondrous bells and you'll hear them say, "Open up your hearts to all on this holiday." The wonderful world of Christmas is a joy from the moment it starts. The wonderful world of Christmas should remain ev'ry day in our hearts.
Dick Jurgens, Walter Donovan, Roger Lewis, Country Washburn - ONE DOZEN ROSES.xml
Give me one dozen roses, Put my heart in beside them, And send them to the one I love. She'll be glad to receive them, And L know she'll believe them; That's something we've been talking of. There may be orange blossoms later; Kind of think that there will, 'Cause she's done something to me, And my heart won't keep still. Give me one dozen roses, Put my heart in beside them, And send them to the one I love Give me love
Michael J. Smith - Agnus Dei.xml
Alleluia, Alleluia, for our Lord God Almighty reigns. Alleluia, Alleluia, for our Lord God Almighty reigns. Alleluia. Holy, Holy are You. Lord  God Almighty. Wor thy is the Lamb; Worthy is the Lamb. You are Holy. Holy are You, Lord God Almighty. Wor thy is the Lamb; Worthy is the Lamb. You are Holy, Holy are You. Lord  God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb; Worthy is the Lamb. You are Holy. Holy are You, Lord God Almighty. Wor thy is the Lamb; Worthy is the Lamb. Amen.
Pilat & M.Panzeri, Barry Mason(Eng.), D.Pace(orig.) - Love Me Tonight.xml
I know that it's late and I really must leave you alone; but you're good to hold and I feel such a long way from home; Yes I know that our love is still new, but I promise it's gonna be true. Please let me stay, don't you send me away, oh! no no.Oh! Tell me baby that you need me, say you'll never leave me Love Me Tonight Hold me now my heart is aching and until the dawn is breaking, Love me tonight Something is burning inside. Something that can't be denied. I can't let you out of my sight, darling, Love Me Tonight. I've waited so long for the girl of by dreams to appear and now I can hardly believe that you really are here; Here in my arms you belong How can this feeling be wrong? Darling be kind, for I'm out of my mind over you.Baby, now the pain is stronger, I can't wait a moment longer. Let me love you baby, let me love you baby, let me love you to nightLove Me Tonight.
Nino Rota, Larry Kusic - Speak Softly Love (Godfather Love Theme).xml
Speak softly love, and hold me warm against your heart. I feel your words, the tender, trembling moments start. We're in a world our very own, Sharing a love that only few have ever known. Wine colored days warmed by the sun, Deep velvet nights when we are one. Speak softly, love, so no one hears us but the sky. The vows of love we make will live until we die. My life is yours, and all because, You came into my world with love, so softly, love. Speak softly love.
Georges Boulanger, Jimmy Kennedy - My Prayer (Transcribed from The Platters Record).xml
When the  twilight is gone and no songbirds are singing, When the  twilight is gone you come into my heart and here in my heart you will stay while I pray. My prayer is to linger with you at the end of the  day in a  dream that's devine. My  prayer is a rapture in  blue with the  world far away and your lips close to  mine. Tonight while our hearts are aglow, oh, tell me the words that I'm longing to  know. My prayer and  the  answer you  give, may  they  still be the  same  for  as  long as we live, that you'll always be there at the end of my prayer.
Ned Miller, Chester Cohn - Why Should I Cry Over You.xml
I don't know why I should cry over you, Sigh over you, Even be blue. I should have known that you'd leave me alone, And break my heart in two. Although you have left me alone to pine, And all of my love was a waste of time, Someday your heart will be broken like mine, So why should I cry over you. cry over you.
Johnny Tillotson - It Keeps Right On A-Hurtin'.xml
1)....I cry myself to sleep each night; Wishing I could hold you tight. Life seems so empty since you went away. The pillow where you lay your head, Now holds my lone ly tears instead; And it keeps right on ahurtin' since you're gone It keeps right on a hurt in' Ev'ry minute of the day, Ev'ry hour you're away I feel so lonely, And I can't help it, I don't think I can go on. and it keeps right on ahurtin' since you're gone 2)...They say a man should never cry, But when I see you passing by, My heart breaks down and cries a million tears. You broke my heart and set me free, But you forgot your memory. gone.
Hans Carste, Chatrles Tobias - Those Lazy, Hazy, Crazy Days Of Summer.xml
Roll out those lazy hazy crazy days of summer those days of soda and pretzels and beer roll out those lazy hazy crazy days of summer dust off the sun and moon and sing a song of cheer. Just fill your basket full of sandwiches and weenies then lock the house up now you're set and on the beach you'll see the girls in their bikinis, As cute as ever but they never get 'em wet Roll out those summer could always be here
Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Sunday, Monday or Always.xml
Wont you tell me when we will meet again Sun day Monday or always If you're satisfied I'll be at your side Sunday Monday or always No need to tell me now what makes the world go round when at the sight of you my heart begins to pound and pound and what am I to do Can't I be with you Sunday Monday or always? always?
George Gershwin, DuBose Heyward - Summertime.xml
Summertiime and the livin' is easy Fish are jumpin' and the cotton is high, Oh, your daddy's rich, and your ma is goodlookin' So hush, little baby, don't you cry. One of these mornin's You're goin' to rise up singin' Then you'll spread your wings and you'll take the sky. But till that mornin' there's a nothin' can harm you With Daddy and Mammy standin' by.
Johnny Tillotson - Dreamy Eyes (Transcribed).xml
Dreamy eyes, you' ve got such dreamy eyes. When I'm away from you I'm so alone and blue. When I take you home I feel so all alone and then I realize I love you dreamy eyes. Your eye hold a dream of a love for two, a love so warm and rare. I hope to see that dream come true, a dream we both can share. Dreamy eyes, you've got such dreamy eyes and I see paradise within your dreamy eyes. Your eyes hold a dream of a love for two, a love so warm and rare. I hope to see that dream come true, a dream we both can share. Dreamy eyes, you've got such dreamy eyes and I see paridise within your dreamy eyes.
Jim Reeves - Am I Losing You (Transcribed).xml
Am I losing you? Are my fears coming true? How I wish I knew! Am I losing you? Is your love really true? Is there somebody new? Tell me what to do! Am I losing you? Am I too blind to see what's been happening to me? Ev'ry road has a bend! Will I be sweetheart or friend? Will the sweet things you do be for somebody new? Tell me what to do! Am I losing you? Am I too blind to see what's been happening to me? Ev'ry road has a bend! Will I be sweetheart or friend? Will the sweet things you do be for somebody new? Tell me what to do! Am I losing you?
John Hartford - Gentle On My Mind.xml
It's knowing that your door is always open and your path is free to walk That makes me tend to leave my sleeping bag rolled up and stashed behind your crouch And it's knowing I'm not shackled by forgotten words and bonds, And the ink stains that have dried upon some line That keeps you in the backroads by the rivers of my mem'ry, That keeps you ever gentle on my mind. It's not Clinging to the rocks and ivy planted on their columns now that binds me Or something that somebody said because they thought we fit togeth er walkin' It's just knowing that the world will not be cursing or forgiving When I walk along some railroad track and find That you're moving on the backroads by the rivers of my mem'ry And for hours you're just gentle on my
Ronny Hinson - I'll Talk To My Father.xml
If you have a pro bl em I'd sure like to share there's one spec ial way I can show you I care I could of fer o pin ions that might prove un true for the sure on ly an swer here's what I'll do I will talk to the Fa ther for you and if I know my Fa ther here's what He'll do He will lay at your feet all the things you pur sure It's no bo ther for my Fa ther will do it for you. I have ne ver prayed fi re down from the sky but God saw each tear that ever fell from these eyes so if you've got a moun tain a lone you can't climb I'll take your bur dens I'll make them mine I will talk to the Fa ther for you and if I know my Fa ther here's what He'll do He will lay at your feet all the things you pur sure It's no bo ther for my Fa ther will do it for you.
Charles E. Calhoun (aka Jesse Stone) - Razzle Dazzle.xml
On your mark (on your mark) Get set! (get set!) Now ready (ready) (go) Ev'ry body Razzle Dazzle Ev'ry body Razzle Dazzle Ev'rybody Razzle Dazzle if it's all night long Now here's a dance ev'ry one can do. It's the hipsters dance and the square cats too. Won't you take a chance? This is all you do! You just take your baby don't you leave that spot! Then you dance like crazy, give it all you've got! That's the Razzle Dazzle if you're ready or not. On your mark (on your mark) Get set! (get set!) Now ready (ready) (go) Ev'ry body Razzle Dazzle Ev'ry body Razzle Dazzle Ev'rybody Razzle Dazzle if it's all night long. ..Lets get together, one two and three! Jump to the centre, just you and me! Put your best foot forward, baby can't you see. long.
Clem Watts, Ben Trace, Sam Martin - You Call Everybody Darling.xml
Though you're always waxing sentimental, Your sweet words are all I ever hear. You don't really give a continental, Deep down in you're heart you're not sincere. You call ev'rybody Darling, and ev'rybody calls you Darling, too, You don't mean what you're saying, It's just a game you're playing, but someday you'll find someone else, Who plays as well as you. If you call ev'rybody Darling Then love wont come aknocking at your door. And as the years go by, you'll sit and wonder why,, Nobody calls you Darling anymore.
Irving Berlin - Marie.xml
There's a gleam in your eyes, Marie. And the meaning is plain to see. But you'll find romance is a game of chance, that is not all it seems to be. Ma rie, the dawn is breaking. Marie, you'll soon be walking, to find your heart is ach ing. And tears will fall as you recall the moon in all it's splendor the kiss so very tender. The words will you surrender, to me Marie. MaMarie.
Leo Friedman, Marvin Lee - When I Dream Of Old Erin.xml
When the nightingale's singing it's sweet melo dies, And the scent of the flowers perfumes the night breeze, Then I dream of my old home far over the sea, By the Lake of Kilarney, Where I long to be. And I see you, it seems, witing there on the shore, Where together we stay'd in the sweet days of yore, I am thinking, tonight, of my Colleen so true: When I dream of old Erin I'm dreaming of you. When I dream of old Erin I'm dreaming of you, With your sweet rogish smile and your true eyes of blue; For my love, like a Shamrock, each day stronger grew; When I dream of old Erin, I'm dreaming of you.
John Denver - Rhymes and Reasons.xml
So you speak to me of sadness and the coming of the winter fear that is within you now that seems to never end and the dreams that have escaped you and a hope that you've forgotten and you tell me that you need me now and you want to be my friend and you wonder where were going wheres the rhyme and wheres the reason and its you cannot accept it is here we must begin to seek the wisdom of the children and the graceful way of flow ers in the wind for the children and the flowers are my sisters and my broth ers their laughter and their loveliness would clear a cloudy day like the music of the mountains and the colors of the rainbow they're a promise of the future and a blessing for today. though the cities start to crumble and the towers fall around us,..the sun is slowly fading and its colder than the sea it is written from the desert to the mountains they shall lead us by the hand and by the heart and they will comfort you and me in their innocence and trusting they will teach us to be free and the song that I am singing is a prayer to nonbelievers come and stand beside us we can find a better way.
Marr, Morrissey - THESE THINGS TAKE TIME.xml
Mine eyes have seen the glo ry of the sac red wun der kind you took me be hind a dis used rail way line and said I know a place where we can go where we are not known and then you gave me some thing that I won't for get to soon But I can't be lieve that you'd ev er care and this is why you will nev er care but these things take time and I know that I'm the most in ept that ev er stepped! I'm spell bound but a wom an div ides and the hills are al ive with cel ib ate cries but you know where you came from you know where you're go ing and you know where you be long You said I was ill and you were not wrong But I can't be lieve that you'd ev er care and this is why you will nev er care but these things take time and I know that I'm the most in ept that ev er stepped! Oh the al coh ol ic aft er noons when we sat in your room they meant more to me than an y an y liv in thing on earth that had more worth than a ny liv ing thing on earth on Earth ON EARTH Oh Viv id and in your prime you will leave me be hind You will leave me be hind
Duke Ellington - Come Sunday.xml
Lord, Dear Lord above: God Almighty, God of love Please look down and see my people through. I believe that God put sun and moon up in the sky I don't mind the gray skies, 'cause they're just clouds passing by. Lord, Dear Lord above, God Almighty, God of love, Please look down and see my people through
Roy Calhoun - Teardrops.xml
I sit in my room looking out at the rain. My tears are like crystals they cover my window pane. I'm thinking of our lost romance and how it should have been. Oh if we only could start over again. I know you'll never forgive me dear for running out on you. I was wrong to take a chance with somebody new. I sit in my room looking out at the rain. My tears are like crystals they cover my window pane. I know you'll never forgive me dear for running out on you. Oh how I long to do the things we used to do. I'm lonely and I'm blue and I'll try to get along without you. Oo oo oo oo oo oo oo Ah Ah Ah Ah Teardrops! Teardrops! I'll have gain faith hope and charity. God only knows the girl who will love me. Oh if we only could start over again
Twila Paris 1990 - How Beautiful.xml
How beau ti ful the hands that served the wine and the bread and the sons of the earth how beau ti ful the feet that walked the long dust y roads and the hill to the cross how beau ti ful how beau ti ful how beau ti ful is the bo dy of Christ How beau ti ful the heart that bled that took all my sin abd bore it in stead how beau ti ful the ten der eyes that choose to for give and nev er des pise how beau ti full how beau ti ful how beau ti ful is the bo dy of Christ and as He laid down His life we of fer ths sac ri fice that we will live just as He died wil ling to pay the price wil ling to pay the price how beau ti ful the rad diant Bride who waits for Her Groom with His light in her eyes how beau ti ful when hum ble hearts give the fruit of pure lives so the o thers may live how beau ti ful how beau ti ful how beau ti ful is the bo dy of Christ how beau ti ful the feet that bring the sound of good news and the love of the king how beau ti ful the feet that bring the sound of good news and the love of the king how beau ti ful the hands that serve the wine and the bread and the sons of the earth how beau ti ful how beau ti ful how beau ti ful is the bod y of Christ
George W. Meyer, Joe  Young - Sugar.xml
Sugar I call my baby my Sugar, I never "maybe" my Sugar, that's why by baby is so confectionary. Fun ny she never pleads for my money but when she feeds me on honey, she gets her needs ev'rytime. I'd make a million trips to her lips if I were a bee, 'cause they are sweet ter than any candy to me. She's granulated Sugar, I never cheat on my Sugar, 'cause i'm too sweet on my Sugar, that Sugar baby o' mine. mine.
Ray Burton, Helen Reddy - I Am Woman.xml
I am woman hear me roar in numbers too big to ignore and I know too much to go back and pretend 'cause I've heard it all before and I've been down there on the floor, Noone's ever gonna keep me down again. Oh yes I am wise but it's wisdom born of pain. Yes, I've paid the price but look how much I gained. If I have to I can do anything. I am strong, I am invincible. I am woman. You can bend but never break me 'cause it only serves to make me more determined to achieve my final goal. And I come back even stronger not a novice any longer 'cause you've deepened the conviction in my soul. woman. I am woman. I am woman. (you can) woman watch me grow see me standing toe to toe as I spreqad my lovin' arms across the land. But I'm still an embryo with a long long way to go until I make my brother understand.
Harold Arlen, Truman Capote - I Never Has Seen Snow.xml
I done lost my ugly spell, I am cheerful now. Got the warm all overs a smoothin' my worried brow. Oh, the girl I used to be, she ain't me no more, I closed the door on the girl I was befeelin' fine and full of bliss, what I really wants to say is this. I never has seen snow. A all the same I know snow ain't so beautiful, c'ain't be so beautiful like my love is like my love is. Nothin' do compare, nothin' anywhere with my love. A hundred things I see' twilight sky, that tree But none so beautiful not one so beautiful like my love is. like my love in. Once you see his face, none can take the place of my love. A stone rolled off my heart when I laid my eyes on that near to me boy with the far away look. And right from the start I saw a new horizon and a road to take me where I wanted to be took, needed to be took. And though I never has seen snow. All the same I know nothin' will ever be, nothin can ever be beautiful as my love is like my love is to me.
Billy May, Milton Raskin - Somewhere In The Night.xml
Somewhere in the night, chasing shadows around the bend,   Somewhere in the night chasing rainbows that have no end. In the misty night you are mine and you hold me fast, But dreams have a way of calling it a day. They seldom last, my dreams have passed. But in my lonely flight I'll keep searching till time is through, Just somewhere in the night till I find you.
Irving Berlin - How Deep Is The Ocean.xml
How much do I love you? I'll tell you no lie, how deep is the ocean how high is the sky? How many times a day do I think of you? How many roses are sprinkled with dew? How far would I travelto be where you are? How far is the journey from here to a star And if I ever lost you, how much would I cry? How deep is th ocean? How high is the sky? sky?
Jerry Fuller - Young Girl.xml
Young Girl, get out of my mind my love for you is way out of line. Better run, girl, you're much too young, girl ....With all the charms of a woman, You've kept the secret of your youth. You led me to believe you're old enough to give me love and now it hurts to know the truth. Oh, .....Beneath your perfume and makeup, You're just a baby in disguise, And though you know that it is wrong to be alone with me that come on look is in your eyes.
Henry Mancini - The Days of Wine and Roses.xml
The days of wine and roses, laugh and run away, like a child at play. Through a meadow land toward a closing door. A door marked "nevermore" that wasn't there before. The lonely night discloses just a passing breeze filled with memories. Of the golden smile that introduced me to. The days of wine and roses and you.
Traditional English - Here We Come a - Wassailing.xml
Here we come awassailing, Among the leaves so green,Here we come awand'ring So fairto be seen. Love and joy come to you, and to you your wassail too, And God bless you, and sendyou a Happy NewYear, And God send you a Haapy New Year
unknown - Blue Tail Fly.xml
When I was young I used to wait on master and hand him his plate and pass the bottle when he got dry and brush away the bluetail fly Jimmie crack corn and I don't care, Jimmie crack corn and I don't care, Jimmie crack corn and I don't care old masters gone away One day he rode around the farm the flies so num'rous they did swarm one chanced to bite him on the thigh the devil take the bluetail fly. Jimmie crack corn and I don't care, Jimmie crack corn and I don't care, Jimmie crack corn and I don't care old masters gone away.The pony run, he jump, he puitch he threw my master in the ditch he died, the jur y wondered why the cerdict was the bluetail fly They lay him 'neath a 'simmon tree his epitaph is there to see; Beneath this stone I'm forced to lie, a victim of the bluetail fly.
Irving Berlin - Always.xml.1
I'll be loving you always, with a love that's true always. When the things you've planned need a helping hand, I will understand always, always. Days may not be fair always; that's when I'll be there al ways; not for just an hour, not for just a day, not for just a year but always. always.
Don Reid, Sammy Kaye - Remember Pearl Harbor.xml
History in ev'ry century records an act that lives forever more. We'll recall, as into line we fall, the thing that happened on Hawaii's shore. Let's remember Pearl Harbor As we go to meet the foe. Let's remember Pearl Harbor As we did the Ala mo. We will always remember how they died for Liberty. Let's remember Pearl Harbor And go on to victory. Let's re ry.
Albert E, Brumley, 1942 - The Blood that Stained the Old Rugged Cross.xml
on the cross of cal va ry our bless ed Sav ior died gave His life to save the world from loss in His pain and ag o ny for ev ery sin to hide shed the blood that stained the old rug ged cross 'Twas His blood His pre cious blood that stained the old rug ged cross 'Twas His love that paid the awe ful cost O soul so far a stray come and plunge to day in the blood that stained the old rug ged cross to the cross the rug ged cross they nailed His prec ious hands and in death He ful ly paid the cost there is par don in His love for ev ery one that stands for the blood that stained the old rug ged cross on the cross of cal va ry our bless ed Sav ior died gave His life to save the world from loss in His pain and ag o ny for ev ery sin to hide shed the blood that stained the old rug ged cross 'Twas His blood His pre cious blood that stained the old rug ged cross 'Twas His love that paid the awe ful cost O soul so far a stray come and plunge to day in the blood that stained the old rug ged cross what an awe ful death He died to par don you and me all a lone in ag o ny He died and a world once lost in sin can now be whol ly free by the blood that stained the old rug ged cross 'Twas His blood His pre cious blood that stained the old rug ged cross 'Twas His love that paid the awe ful cost O soul so far a stray come and plunge to day in the blood that stained the old rug ged cross
Henry Smart, James Montgomery - Angels from the realms of glory.xml
Angels from the realms of glory wing your flight o'er all the earth  ye, who sang creations story now proclaim Mes siahs birth come and wor ship come and wor ship worship Christ the newborn king! Shepherds in the field abiding watching o'er your flocks by night God with man is now residing yonder shines the infant light come and worship come and worship worship Christ the newborn King.
Anton Karas, Walter Lord - The Third Man Theme.xml
When a zither starts to play, You'll remember yesterday; In its haunting strain, Vienna lives again, Free and bright and gay. In your mind a sudden gleam of a half forgotten dream, Seems to glimmer when you hear That Third Man Theme. Once again there comes to mind Someone that you let behind Love that somehow didn't last In that happy city of the past. Does she still recall the dream, That rapture so supreme When first she heard the haunting Third Man Theme?
Theodore F.Morse, Edward Madden - Two Little Boys.xml
Two little boys had two little toys each had a wooden horse Gaily theyd play each summers day war riors both of course one little chap then had a mishap broke off his horses head Wept for his toy then cried with joy as his young playmate said did you think I would leave you cry ing when theres room on my horse for two climb up here Jack and dont be crying I can go just as fast with two when we grow up we'll both be soldiers and our horses will not be toys and I wonder if we'll remember when we were two little boys, Long years passed war came so fast Bravely they marched away cannon roared loud and in the mad crowd wounded and dying lay up goes a shout a horse dashes out Out from the ranks so blue gallops away to where Joe lay then came a voice he knew did you tink I would leave you dy ing when theres room on my horse for two climb up here Joe well soon be flying I can go just as fast with two did you say Joe I'm all atremble perhaps its the battles noise but I think its that I remember when we were two little boys did you boys,
C. Bargoni, P. Siegel, J.Turner, G. Parsons - Autumn Concerto.xml
Our love was new in Springtime, Our hearts were true in Springtime All Summer thro' was love's sweet song Our days were filled with laughter Not caring what came after We thought those days would last for ever Too soon came lcool September With music I'll remember A sad refrain that said "Goodbye we must part" Where is the lovely song we captured at the start Autumn Concerto breaks my heart
Irving  Berlin, Irving Berlin - Blue Skies.xml
. Blue Skies smiling me. Nothing but blue skies do I see. Bluebirds singing a song: nothing but bluebirds all day long Never saw the sun shining so bright, Never saw things going so right. Noticing the days hurrying by; when you're in love, my how they fly. Blue days, all of them gone. Nothing but blue skies from now on. Nothing but blue skies Nothing but blue skies from now on
Joel Hemphill 1984 - Master of the Wind.xml
my boat of life sails on a trou bled sea when ev er there's a wind in my my sail but I have a friend who watch es o ver me when the breeze turns into a gail I know the mas ter of the wind I know the mak er of the rain He can calm the storm make the sun shine a gain I know the mas ter of the wind Some times I soar like an ea gle to the sky am mong the peaks my soul can be found an un ex pect ed storm may drive me from the heights bring me low but ne'er brings me down I know the mas ter of the wind I know the mak er of the rain He can calm the storm make the sun shine a gain I know the mas ter of the wind
Robert Hilliard, Victor Young - Alone At Last.xml
Alone at last, you're mine alone tonight. Alone at last, there's not a soul in sight. Lips I've kissed in a dream can be real, and your arms will be thrills I can feel. You can't deny that love is passing by. Just reach for me, stop reaching for the sky. Far away from a world that keeps moving too fast. Time waits for we're alone at last. last.
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Pocketful of Miracles.xml
Peeracticality deeuzn't int'rest me. Love the life that I lead. I've got a pocketful of miracles, and with a pocketful of miracles one little miracle today is all I need. Teeroubles more or less beeahther me I guess, when the sun doesn't shine. But there's that pocketful of miracles, and with a pocketful of miracles The world's a bright and shiny apple that's mine. all mine. I hear sleigh bells ringing smack in the middle of May. I go around like there's snow around, I feel so good, it's Christmas every day. Leeifes a carousel feear as I can tell, and I'm riding for free! So if you're down and out of miracles, I've got a pocketful of miracles. And there'll be miracles enough for you and me.
John Fogerty - Have You Ever Seen the Rain?.xml
someone told me long ago Theres a calm before the storm I know and its been comin for some time. When its over so they say Itll rain a sunny day I know shinin down like waterI want to know have you ever seen the rain? I want to know have you ever seen the rain comin down on a sunny day?
Hans Leo Hassler, From the Latin - O Sacred Head Now Wounded.xml
O sacred head, now wounded, With grief and shame weighed down Now scornfully surrounded With thorns, Thine only crown. O sacred head, what glory, What bliss till now was Thine! Yet, tho' despised and gory, I joy to call Thee mine.
George W. Meyer, Edgar Leslie, E. Ray Goetz - For Me And My Gal.xml
The bells are ringing for me and my gal. The birds are singing for me and my gal. Ev'rybodies benn knowing, to a wedding they're going, and for weeks they've bee sewing evry Susie and Sal. They're congregating for me and my gal. The parson's waiting for me and my gal. And sometime I'm goin' to build a little home for two or three or four, or more, in loveland for me and my gal. The birds are gal.
Irving Berlin - Blue Skies.xml.2
BLUE SKIES smil ing at me. Noth ing but BLUE SKIES do I see. Bluebirds singing a song: nothing but bluebirds all day long. Never saw the sun shining so bright, never saw things going so right. Noticing the days hurrying by; when you're in love, my how they fly. Blue days, all of them gone. Nothing but BLUE SKIES from now on.
George Goehring, Edna Lewis - Lipstick On Your Collar.xml
When you left me all alone at the record hop Told me you were goin' out for a soda pop You were gone for quite a while, half an hour or more You came back and man, Oh man this is what I saw Lipstick on your collar told a tale on you lipstick on your collar said you were untrue Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through 'cause Lipstick on your collar told a tale on you You said it belonged to me Made me stop and think Then I noticed yours was red, mine was baby pink. Who walked in but Mary Jane, Lipstick all a mess. Were you smoochin' my best friend? Guess the answer'syesyou told a tale on you told a tale on you.
Tom Johnston - Long Train Runnin' (Transcribed).xml
\ \ Down around the corner, half a mile from here, see them long trains runnin' and you watch them disapear. Without love where would you be right now? Without love! Though I saw Miss Lucy, down along the track, she lost her home and fam'ly and she won't be coming back. Without love where would you be right now? Without love! The Ilinois Central and the Southern and Central Freight, you got to keep pushin' mamma; you know they're running late. With out love where would you be right now? Without love! When the pistons keep on turning and the wheels go round and round and the steel rails are cold and hard and the mountains they go down. Without love where would you be right now? Without love! Without love! Without lov!
Ernest Seitz, Eugene Lockhart - The World Is Waiting For The Sunrise.xml
Dear one the world is waiting for the sunrise, ev'ry rose is heavy with dew. The thrush on high his sleepy mate is calling and my heart is calling you!
Bill Evans, Gene Lees - Waltz for Debby.xml
In her own sweet world Populated by dolls and clowns and a prince and a big purple bear. Lives my favv'rite girl. Unaware of the worried frowns that we
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - I Wish I Were In Love Again.xml
The sleepless nights, the daily fights, the quick tobogan when you reach the heights; I miss the kisses and I miss the bites, I wish I were in love again! The broken dates, the endless waits, the lovely loving and the hateful hates, the conversation with the flying plates, I wish I were in love again! No more pain, no more strain. Now I'm sane, but I would rather be gaga! The pulled out fur of cat and cur the fine mismating of a him and her, I've learned my lesson, but I wish I were in love again! The
Kerry Mills, Andrew B. Sterling - Meet Me In St. Louis, Louis.xml
When Louis came home to the flat, He hung up his coat and his hat, He gazed all around, But no wifey he found, So he said "where can Flossie be at?" A note on the table he spied, He read it just once, then he cried It ran: "Louis dear, It's too slow for me here So I think I will go for a ride!" Meet me in St. Louis, Louis, Meet me at the fair, Don't tell me the lights are shining Any place but there, We will dance the hoochee koochee, I will be your tootsie wootsie, If you will meet me in St. Louis, Louis, Meet me at the fair!"  The dresses that hung in the hall, Were gone, she had taken them all, She took all his rings And the rest of his things, The picture he missed from the wall. "What moving?" the janitor said, "Your rent is paid three months ahead." "What good is the flat?" Said poor Louis: "read that!" And the janitor smiled as he read.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - Chattanooga Choo-Choo.xml.1
Pardon me boy is that the Chattanooga Choo choo Track twenty nine Boy you can gimme a shine. I can afford to board a Chattanooga Choochoo I've got my fare and just a trifle to You leave the Pensylvania station 'bout a quarter to four, Read a magazine and then you're in Baltimore, Dinner in the diner nothing could be finer than to have your ham 'n eggs in Carolina. When you hear the whistle blowin' eight to the bar Then you know that Tennessee is not very far Shov el all the coal in gotta keep it rollin' Woo, Woo, Chattanooga there you are There's gonna be a certain party at the station Satin and lace I used to call funny face. She's gonna cry un til I tell her that I'll never roam so Chattanooga ChooChoo won't you choochoo me
Michel Polnareff, Sunny Skylar - If You Loved Me.xml
I'd give to you ev'ry thing that I now possess, I would surrender ev'rything I own, If you loved me. All of my dreams, I would give for your sweet caress, I would be tender, yours and yours alone, If you loved me. If you could care, Oh, what I would do My heart and soul I would give to you, Ask for the stars, I will gather them all for you, No, there is nothing that I couldn't do, If you loved me. If you loved me.
Con Conrad, Glladys DuBois, Russ Columbo & Paul Gregory 1931 - You Call it Madness (But I Call it Love).xml
I can't for get the night I met you that's all I'm think ing of and now you call it mad ness but I call it love you made a pro mise to be faith ful to all the stars a bove and now you call it mad ness but i call it love my heart is beat ing it keeps re peat ing for you con stant ly you're all I'm need ing and so I'm pead ing please come back to me you made a play thing out of ro mance what do you know of love that's why you call ot mad ness but I call it love I can't for love
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - All At Once You Love Her.xml
You start to light her cigarette And all at once you love her. you've scarcely talked, you've scarcely met, But all at once you love her. You like her eyes, you tell her so. She thinks you're wise and clever. you kiss goodnight and then you know You'll kiss goodnight forever. You wonder where your heart can go Then all at once you know. know.
Salve D'Esposito, Tito Manlio - Anema e Core.xml
My life I'd give to you, Anema e'Core I only live for you Anema e'Core. I have but one desire and it's to love you, with all my heart, with all my soul, my whole life through. From stars I'll make your crown and kneel before you. I pray you'll take my hand for I adore you. Open up the doors leading to heaven, a heaven mine and yours Anema'e Core. My Core.
Gordon Lightfoot - Early Mornin' Rain.xml
In the early mornin' rain __ ___ With a dollar in my hand, ___ With an achin' in my heart _____ And my pockets full of sand, _____ I'm a long way from home, ___ And I miss my loved ones so. ___  In the early mornin' rain, __ ____  With no place to go. __ ____
Willie Dixon - As Long As I Have You.xml
Long as I have you, Long as I have you,Nothing I wouldn't do, baby, Long as I have you. Well, I don't mind working, I'll be your slave, Just call me, baby, and I'll rise from my grave. Long as I have you, Long as I have you, Nothing I wouldn't do baby, Long as I have you.
Nilo Mendez, Adolfo Utrera - Green Eyes.xml
Your green eyes with their soft lights, Your eyes that promise sweet nights, Bring to my soul a longing, a thirst for love divine. In dreams I seem to hold you To find you and enfold you Our lips meet, and our hearts too, with a thrill so sublime. Those cool and limpid green eyes, A pool wherein my love lies, so deep that in my searching For happiness I fear that they will ever haunt me. All thru my life they'll taunt me, But will they ever want me, green eyes, make my dreams come true. Your green eyes with their true.
Ernesto de Curtis, Giambattista de Curtis - Torna a Surriento.xml
Sunlight dances on the sea Tender thoughs occur to me. I have often seen your eyes In the nighttime, when I dream. When I pass a garden fair, An the scent is in the air In my mind a dream awakes, And my heart begins to break. But you said goodbye to me. Now all I can do is grieve. Can it be that you forgot? Dar ling for get me not! Please don't say farewell And leave this heart that's broken Come back to Sorrento, So I can mend.
Mark James - Suspicious minds.xml
We're caucht in a trap I can't walk out Because I love you to much ba by Why can't you see What you're doing to me When you don't believe a word I say? We can't go on togethher with suspicious Minds And we can't build our dreams on Suspicious Minds So if   an ald friend I know drops by to say hello would I still see suspicion in your eyes? Here we go again asking where I've been You can't see these tears are real I'm crying  Minds Oh, let our love survive or dry the tears from our eyes. Let's don't let a good thing die when honey you know i've never lied to you Mmm, Yeah Yeah
Paul Durand, Eric Maschwitz, Henri Contet - Ma'moiselle de Paree.xml
She's so chic and adorable no one thinks it deplor a ble when men all turn around just to see Ma'moi selle de Paree You bet girls get a kick from her learn each cute little trick from her in their hearts they would all like to be Ma'moiselle de Paree Light of heart fancy free sh'es the spirit of spring in Paree
Arthur Freed, Gus Arnheim, Abe Lyman - I Cried For You.xml
I cried for you now its your turn to cry over me ev'ry road has a turning thats one thing youre learning I cried for you what a fool I used to be now I found two eyes just a little bit blu er I found a heart just a little bit truer I cried for you now its your turn to cry over me.
Spencer Williams, Roger Graham - I Ain't Got Nobody.xml
I ain't got nobody, and there's nobody cares for me. I'm so sad and lonely; Won't somebody come and take a chance on me? I'll sing sweet love songs, honey, all the time, if you'll come and be my sweet baby mine. 'Cos I ain't got nobody, And there's nobody cares for me. me;
Thoro Harris - All That Thrills My Soul Is Jesus.xml
Who can thrill the heart like Jesus, By His presence all divine? True and tender, pure and precious, Oh, how blest to call Him mine! All that thrills my soul is Jesus; He is more than life to me; And the fairest of ten thousand In my blessed Lord I see.
Burt Bacharach, Christopher Cross, Carol Bayer Sager, Peter Allen - Best That You Can Do (Arthur's Theme).xml
Once in your life you'll find her. Someone who turns your head around and next thing you know you're closin' down the town. Wake up and she's still with you. even tho' you left her way across town You're wonderin' to yourself, hey, what have I found? If you get caught between the moon and New York City I know it's crazy, but it's true If you get caught between the moon and New York City, the best that you can do the best that you can do is fall in love.
Cole Porter - Dream Dancing.xml
When day is gone and night comes on, until the dawn what do I do? I clasp you hand and wander thru slumberland, Dream dancing with you. We dance between a sky serene and fields of green, sparkling with dew. It's joy sublime, whenever I spend my time Dream dancing with you. Dream Dancing oh, what a lucky wind fall! Touching you, clutching you all the night thru So say you love me dear, and let me make my career Dream Dancing to paradise prancing, Dream dancing with you. when You.
Henry Clay Work - Grandfather's Clock.xml
My grandfathers clock was too large for the shelf, so it stood ninety years on the floor. It was taller by half than the old man himself tho' it weighed not a penny weight more. It was bought on the morn of the dayhe was born. It was always his treasure and pride. And it stopped short never to go again when the old man died Ninety years without slum bering tick tock tick tock His life seconds numbering tick tock tick But it stopped short never to go again when the old man died.
William Best, Deek Watson - For Sentimental Reasons.xml
I love you for sentimental reasons I hope you do believe me I'll give you my heart. I love you and you alone are meant for me, please give your loving heart to me, and say we'll never part. I think of you ev'ry morning dream of you ev'ry night. Darling, I'm never lonely whenever you're in sight. I love you for sentimental reasons I hope you do believe me I've given you my heart.
Walter Grosse, Jack Lawrence - Tenderly.xml
The evening breeze caressed the trees tenderly; the trembling trees embraced the breeze tenderly. Then you and I came wandering by and lost in a sigh were we. The shore was kissed by sea and mist tenderly. I can't forget how two hearts met breathlessly Your arms opened wide and closed me inside; you took my lips, you took my love so tenderly. The evening ly
Frederick Hollander, Leo Robin - Moonlight And Shadows.xml
Moonlight and shadoes and you in my arms, And a melody in the bamboo tree, my sweet. Even in shadows I feel no alarms, While you hold me tight in the jungle night, my sweet. Close to my heart you always will be, Never, never, never to part from me. Moonlight and shadows and you in my arms I belong to you, you belong to me, my sweet. sweet.
Ralph McTell - Streets Of London.xml
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market, kick ing up the papers with his worn out shoes? In his eyes you see no pride, hand held loosely at his side, yes terday's paper telling yesterday's news. So how can you tell me you're lonely and say for you that the sun don't shine? Let me take you by the hand and lead you through the streets of London I'll show you something to make you change your mind. Have you seen the old girl who walks the streets of London, dirt in her hair and her clothes in rags? She's no time for talking, she just keeps right on walking, car rying her home in two carrier bags.
Tommie Connor, Walter Ridley, Desmond O'Connor - Be Like The Kettle And Sing.xml
When your troubbles are boilingover Consult this recipe Ev'rybody can be in clover Happyas can be When all the skies are grey and it's a rainy day Think of the birdies in Spring When you're up to your neck in hot water be like the kettle and sing tell that umbrella man he's just an 'al so ran Think of a kid on a swing when you're up to your neck in hot water be like the kettle and sing You'll find that life always got a funny side so come ovver on the sunny side and wear a great big smile you'll find that life's worth while You'll have the world on a string when you're up to your neck in hot water Be like the ket tle and sing when all the sing
Nettie Dudley Washington - I Bowed on my Knees and Cried Holy.xml
I went to that ci ty called glo ry so bright and so fair when I en ter the gate I cried ho ly the an gels all met me there they car ried me from man sion to man sion and oh the sights I saw but I said I want to see Je sus the One who dies for all then I bowed on my knees and cried ho ly ho ly ho ly I clapped my hands and sang glo ry glo ry to the Son of God I dreamed when I en tered that ci ty my lovedones knew me well they showed me all through heav en the scenes were to numerous to tell they showed me Abra ham Is aac and Jac ob Mark, Luke and Tim o thy but I said I want to see Je sus the One who died for me then I bowed on my knees and cried ho ly ho ly ho ly I clapped my hands and sang glo ry glo ry to the Son of God I dreamed when I saw my Sav ior oh Glo ry to God! I just fell right down be for Him Singing praise the name of the Lord I bowed down and wor shipped Je ho vah my friend of cal va ry for I wanted to give praise to Je sus for saving a sinner like me then I bowed on my knees and cried ho ly ho ly ho ly I clapped my hands and sang glo ry glo ry to the Son of God
Alberto Testa, Kim Gannon and Pino Spotti - I Want To Be Wanted (Transcribed).xml
Alone, so alone that I could cry. I want to be wanted. AAlone, watching lovers passing by. I want to be wanted. When I am kissed I want his(her) lips to really kiss me. When we're apart I want his(her) heart to really miss me. I want to know he(she) loves me so, his(her) eyes are misting... That's the way I want to be loved. Alone, just my lonely heart knows how I want to be wanted. Right now... not tomorrow, but right now, I want to be wanted. I want someone to share my love with and my dreams with, someone I know I'd love to spend a million years with. Where is this someone somewhere meant for me. Alone, just my lonely heart knows how I want to be wanted. Right now... not tomorrow but right now, I want to be wanted. I want someone to share my love with and my dreams with, someone I know I'd love to spend a million years with. Where is this someone somewhere meant for me... Someone somewhere meant for me.
Mike Leander & Eddie Seago - Early In The Morning.xml
Evening is the time of day I find nothing much to say) don't know what to do but I come to When it's (early in the morning over by the window day is dawning when I feel the air I feel that life is very good to me you know, In the sun there's so much yellow something in the early morning meadow tells me that today) you're on your way and you'll be coming home, home to me Night time isn't clear to me I find nothing near to me) (early in the morning very very early without warning I can feel a newly born vibration sneaking up on me again, There's a song bird on my pillow I can see the fun in weeping willow, I can see the sun) home to me. When it's home, home to me; home to me.
Traditional - There Is A Tavern In The Town.xml
There is a tavern in the town, in the town, and there my true love sits him down sits him down and drinks his wine mid laugh ter free and never never thinks of me thinks of me, Fare thee well for I must leave thee do not let this parting grieve me and remember that the best of friends must part, must part Adieu adieu kind friends adieu adieu adieu I can no longer stay with you stay with you I'll hang my harp on a weeping willow tree and may the world go well with thee.
Sigmund Romberg, Otto Harbach, Oscar Hammerstein II - The Riff Song.xml
Ho! so we sing as we are riding Ho! it's a time you best be hiding low,it means the Riffs are abroadGobefore you've bitten the sword Ho! that's the sound that comes to warn you So in the night or early morn' you knowif you're the Red Shadow's foe the Riffs will strike with a blow that brings you woe.
Jerry Bock, Sheldon Harnick - Matchmaker.xml
Matchmaker matchmaker make me a match find me a find, catch me a catch Matchmaker matchmaker look through your book and make me a perfect match. Matchmaker matchmaker I'll bring the veil you bring the groom, slender and pale. Bring me a ring, for I'm longing to be the envy of all I see. For poppa make him a scholar, For momma make him rich as a king, For me well, I wouldn't holler if he were as handsome as any thing. Matchmaker matchmaker make me a match find me a find catch me a catch night after night in the dark I'm alone So find me a find make me a match of my own. Matchmaker matchmaker You know that I'm Still very young, Please take your time. Up to this minute I misunderstood, That I could get stuck for good Yentel see that he's gentle. Remember You were also a bride. It's not that I'm sentimental It's just that I'm terrified! Match maker matchmaker Plan me no plans, I'm in no rush, maybe I've learned. Playing with matches a girl can get burned So bring me no ring, Groom me no groom, find me no find. Catch me no catch. Un less he's a matchless match.
Tom Springfield, Jim Dale - Georgy Girl.xml
Hey there Georgy girl swingin down the street so fancy free nobody you meet could ever see the loneliness there inside you hey there Georgy girl why do all the boys just pass you by? Could it be you just don't try or is it the clothes you wear you're always window shopping but never stopping to buy so shed those dowdy feathers and fly a little bit hey there Georgy girl there's another Georgy deep inside bring out all the love you hide and oh what a change there'd be the world would see a new Georgy girl
Lionel Rand, Ian Grant - Let There Be Love.xml
You find your fu ture in the sand and in the stars above a fortune tel ler reads your hand and tells you you're in love but fate must have plann'd we should meet for right at the start these words began tum bling around in my heart. Let there be you and let there be me let there be moonlight over the sea let there be light to enlighten our day chasing the shadows of darkness away let there be birds to sing in the trees someone to bless me whenever I sneeze let there be cuckoos a lark and a dove but first of all please let there be love let there be love
Frank Lavere, Roy Rodde, Lew Douglas - Have You Heard.xml
(Ah ah ah Ah ah ah Ah ah ah Ah ah) Have you heard (Ooh ooh ooh) who's kissing her now? (Ooh ooh ooh) Do you think she's blue? Did she say we're through? Has she found someone new? Have you seen (Ooh ooh ooh) the way she looks now? (Ooh ooh ooh) Does she act the same when she hears my name? Does she say who's to blame? My arms are empty, my nights are long and lonely, I miss her so. Each new tomorrow can only bring me sorrow. I love her so. Have you heard (Ooh ooh ooh) of their wedding day? (Ooh ooh ooh) Rumors come and go, still I'd like to know, If it's true won't you tell me? Have you heard? Have you heard (Ooh ooh ooh) of their wedding day? (Ooh ooh ooh) Rumors come and go, still I'd like to know, If it's true won't you tell me? Have you heard?
Bryan Ferry - MORE THAN THIS.xml
I could feel at the time there was no way of know ing Fall en leaves in the night who can say where they're blow ing As free as the wind and hope ful ly learn ing why the sea on the tide has no way of turn ing. MORE THAN THIS you know there's no thing MORE THAN THIS tell me one thing MORE THAN THIS No there's no thing  It was fun for a while there was no way of know ing Like a dream in the night who can say where we're go ing No care in the world may be I'm learn ing why the sea on the tide has no way of turn ing
Cesare Andrea Bixio, Bruce Sievier - Love's Last Word Is Spoken.xml
Love's last word is spoken cherie Now my heart is broken cherie Faded the hours I spent with you Roaming the boulevard content with you Once our hearts were blended cherie Now our dream is ended cherie And like a broken melody Love's last word is spoken cherie
Harry Woods - Side by Side.xml
Oh! we ain't got a barrel of money, Maybe we're rugged and funny, But we'll travel along Singin' a song Side By Side. Don't know what's comin" tomorrow Maybe it's trouble and sorrow, But well travel the road Sharin' our load Side By Side. Thru all kinds of weather What if the sky should fall Just as long as we're together, It doesn't matter at all When they've all had their quarrels and parted We'll be the same as we stared Just travlin' along Singin' a song Side by Side. Oh! we Side.
Bill Martin, Phil Coulter - Puppet On A String.xml
I wonder if one day that you'll say that you care if you say you love me madly I'll gladly be there like a puppet on a string love is just like a merry go round with all the fun of the fair One day I'm feel ing down on the ground Then I'm up in the air Are you leading me on? Tomorrow will you be gone? I wonder if one day that you'll say that you care If you say you love me madly I'll gladly be there like a puppet on a string like a puppet on a string.
Harry Woods - We Just Couldn't Say Goodbye.xml
We thought that love was over, that we were really thru, I said I didn't love her, that we'd begin anew. And you can all believe me, We sure intended to. But we just couldn't say goodbye The chair and then the sofa, they broke right down and cried. The curtains started wavin' for me to come inside. I tell you confidentially, the tears were hard to hide. And we just couldn't say goodbye. The clock was striking twelveo'clock. It smiled on us below. With folded hands it seemedto say, We'll miss you if you go. So I went back and kissed her and when I looked around the room was singin' love songs And dancin' up and down. And now we're both so happy, Because at last we've found That we just couldn't say goodbye.
Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim - Somewhere.xml
There's a place for us, Somewhere a place for us. Peace and quiet and open air wait for us somewhere. There's a time for us, Someday a time for us. Time together with time to spare, Time to learn, Time to care. Someday somewhere, We'll find a new way of living, We'll find a way of forgiving, Somewhere. There's a place for us, A time andand place for us. Hold my hand and we're half way there, Hold my hand and I'll take you there, somehow, someday, somewhere. somewhere.
V.&E.Murtagh, R.Adams, Marcel Stellman - Dance On.xml
Don't talk of love right now Dance On, Although the lights are low forget it. Wait until we're alone, Wait until we go home, Come on please, don't you tease, just dance on. Don't try and kiss me now dance on, You might be feeling quite romantic, But don't dance cheek to cheek, Or we'll miss ev'ry beat, Just dance on Give me the sweet talk when we're leavFrom midnight on it's worth believing. You know the night has just begun, and while the music keeps on playing, Hold me close, hold me near, And I promise you'll hear how the beat of my heart will dance on.
Ernesto Lecuona, Kim Gannon - Always in my Heart.xml
You are always in my heart even though you're far away I can hear the music of the song of love I sang with you You are always in your heart and when skies above are grey I remember that you care, and then and there the sun breaks thru Just before I go to sleep theres a redezvous I keep and the dream I always meet helps me forget we're far apart I dont know exactly when dear and I'm sure we'll meet again dear and my darling till we do you are always in my heart.
Al Jolson, Billy Rose, Dave Dreyer - There's A Rainbow 'Round My Shoulder.xml
There's a rainbow on my shoulder, And a sky of blue above, Oh, the sun shines bright, the world's alright, "Cause I'm in love. There's a rainbow 'round my shoulder, and it fits me like a glove, Let it snow and storm, but I'll be warm, 'Cause I'm in love. Hallelujah, How the folks will stare, When the see the diamond solitaire, that my little sugar baby Is going to wear, (Yes Sir!) There's a rainbow 'round my shoulder, And a sky of blue above, And I'm shouting so the world will know that I'm in love. There's a love.
B.G.De Sylva, Lew Brown, Ray Henderson - The Best Things In Life Are Free.xml
The moon belongs to evry one The best things in life are free the stars belong to evryone they shine there for you and me the flowers in spring the robins that sing the sunbeans that shine theyre yours theyre mine and love can come to everone the best things in life are free
Mitch Leigh, Joe Darion - Man Of La Mancha.xml
Hear me now oh thou bleak and unbearable world. Thou art base and debauched as can be; And a knight with his banners all bravely unfurled, Now hurls down his gauntlet to thee! I am I, Don Quixote, the Lord of La Mancha, Destroyer of evil am I, I will march to the sound of the trumpets Of glory forever to conquer or die. Hear me, heathens and wizards and serpents of sin, All your dastardly doings are past; For a holy endeavor is now to begin, And virtue shall triumph at last! I am I, Don Quixote, the Lord of La Mancha, A name all the world soon will know. I commend now my soul to the wild winds Of fortune, oh whither soever they blow. Whither soever they blow, onward to glory I go!
Axel Stordahl and Paul Weston, Sammy Cahn - Day By Day.xml
Day by day I'm falling more in love with you And day by day my love seems to grow There is'nt any end to my devotion It's deeper dear by far than any ocean I find that day by day You're making all my dreams come true So come what may I want you to know I'm yours alone and I'm in love to stay, As we go through the years day by day. day.
Paul McCartney, John Lennon - Here There and Everywhere.xml
To  lead a better life, I need my love to be here. Here, making each day of the year, changing my live with a wave of her hand. Nobody can deny that there's something there. There, running my hands thru her hair, both of us thinking how good it can be. Someone is speaking, but she doesn't know he's there. I want her ev'rywhere, and if she's beside me I know I need never care. But to love her is to meet her ev'rywhere. Knowing that love is to share; Each one believing that love never dies. Watching her eyes and hopping I'm always there. I want her
Daniel Clarke , Joshua Grange, kd lang  - I CONFESS.xml
I CON FESS I need you bad ly Hold me in your arms Love me mad ly I CON FESS I'll be your Dad dy Ask me an y thing I'll do it glad ly Life with out you on ly brought me heart ache I've had all the lone ly I can take Now I know that let ting go was my mis take I'll say it a gain and a gain
Victor Young, Bing Crosby and Ned Washington - A Ghost Of A Chance.xml
I need your love so badly I love you oh so madly but I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you I thought at last I'd found you but other loves surround you I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you. if you'd surrender for a tender kiss or two you might discover that I'm the lover meant for you and I'd be But what's the good of scheming? I know I must be dreaming 'cause I don't stand a ghost of a chance withyou. So what's the good of scheming? I know I must be dreaming I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you
Hank Cochran, Harlan Howard - I Fall To Pieces.xml
I fall to pieces each time I see you again I fall to pieces how can I be just your friend? you want me to act like we've never kissed you want me to forget pretend we,ve never met and I've tried and I've tried but I havent yet You walk by and I fall to pieces.
Ray St. John, Sade Adu - Smooth Operator.xml
Diamond life, lover boy, he moves in space with minimum waste and maximum joy. City lights and business nights, when you require street car desire for higher heights. No place for beginners or sensitive hearts, when sentiment is left to chance, no place to be ending but somewhere to start. No need to ask he's a smooth operator smooth operator smooth operator smooth operator. Coast to coast, L. A. to Chicago, western male. Across the north and south to Key Largo love for sale Face to face each classic case, e shadow box and double cross yet need the chase. A license to love, in surance to hold, melt all your mem'ries and change in to gold, his eyes are like angels but his heart is cold. love for sale.
Bon Jovi - Keep The Faith.xml
Mother mother tell you chilren that their time has just begunI have suffered for myanger There are warsthat can't be won.Father father please believeme. I am laying down my guns.I am brokenlike an arrow.Forgive me. For give you way ward son.Mother mother. Please believe me.And it's hardto hold on when there's noone to lean on. Faith: you know you're gonna live through the rain.Lord, you got to keep the faith.Faith: don't you let your love turn to hate.Now,we got to keep the faith.keep the faithkeep the faith.Lord, we got to keep the faith.Tell me baby, when I hurtyou, do you keep it all in side?Do you tellme all's forgiven just hide behind you pride,yeah?Mother mother. Please don't leave me. Well, it's hardto be strong when there's noone to dream on. Faith: you know you're gonna live through the rain.Lord, you got to keep the faith.Faith: don't you know it's never too late.Right now we've got the keep the faithFaith: don't you let your love turn to hate.Lord,you got to keep the faith,keep the faithkeep the faith.Oh, we got to keep the faith.keep the faithkeep the faith.Lord,we got to keep the faith,ooh,yeah, ooh,yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mother, Father, there's thingsI've done I can't eraseEv'ry night we fall from graceIt's hard with the world in your face. Try'n' to hold on try'n' to hold on. Faith: you know you're gonna live through the rain.Lord,you got to keep the faith,Faith: don't you let your love turn to hate.Right now we've got to keep the faith.Faith. Keep the faith,keep the faith.Tryto hold on, yeah. Faith. Keep the faithkeep the faith.Ev'rybody keep the faith.
Errol Garner, Johnny Burne - Misty.xml
Look at me, I'm as helpless as a kitten up a tree And I feel like I'm clinging to a cloud, I can't understand, I get misty just holding your hand. Walk my way and a thousand ciolins begin to play, Or I might be the sound of your hello, That music I hear, I get misty the moment you're near. You can say that you're leading me on it's just what I want you to do, Dont you notice how hopelessly I'm lost, That's why I'm following you On my own, would I wander through this wonderland aloneNever knowing my right foot from my left, My hat from my glove, I'm too misty and too much in
Joe Bushkin, John DeVries - Oh! Look At Me Now.xml
I never fell for simple things like love, June, and old lace, my face was terribly blank to things concerning L'amour I'm really ready now for sure. For I'm not the guy who cared about love, And I'm not the guy who cared about fortunes and such, Never cared much But look at me now. I never knew the technique of kissin', I never knew the thrill I could get from your touch, Never knew much Oh! look at me now. I'm a new man, better than Casanova at his best, With a new heart, brand new start, I'm so proud I'm bustin' my vest! So I am the guy who turned out a lover So I'm the guy who laughed at those blue diamond rings, One of those things, Oh! look at me now.
Ronnie Van Zant, Ed King, Garry Rossington - Sweet Home Alabama.xml
Big wheels keep on turning Carry me home to see my kin. Singing songs about the southland I miss ole 'bamy once again Well, I heard Mister Young sing about her. Well, I heard ole Neil put her down, Well, I hope Neil Young will remember A southern man don't need him around anyhow Sweet Home Alabama, Where the skies are so blue, Sweet Home Alabama, Lord, I'm coming home to you. In Birmingham they love the Gov'nor. Boo! boo! boo! Now we all did what we could do. Now Watergate does not bother me. Does your conscience bother you? Sweet Home Alabama, Where the skies are so blue, Sweet Home Alabama Lord, I'm coming home to you.
Benny Andersson, Stig Anderson&Bjorn Ulvaeus - Ring,Ring.xml
I was sitting by the phone I was waitin' all alone Baby by myself I sit and wait and wonder about you It's a dark and dreary night Seems like nothing's goin' right Won't you tell me honey How can I go on here without you Yes I'm down and feeling blue And I don't know what to do Ring Ring Why don't you give me a call Ring Ring The happiest sound of them all Ring Ring I stare at the phone on the wall And I sit all alone impatiently Won't you please understand the need in me Ring Ring Why don't you give me a call So Ring Ring Why don't you give me a call You were here and now you're gone Hey did I do something wrong I just can't believe that I could be so badly mistaken Was it me or was it you Tell me are we really through Won't you hear me cry And you will know that my heart is breakin' Please forgive me and forget Or maybe darling better yet
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Little Girl Blue.xml
Sit there and count your fingers, what can you do? Old girl, you're through. Sit there and count your little fingers, unlucky little girl blue. Sit there and count the rain drops falling on you. It's time you knew all you can count on are the rain drops that fall on little girl blue. No use, old girl, you may as well surrender. Your hope is getting slender. Why won't somebody send a tender blue boy to cheer up little girl blue. When I was very young the world was younger than I, as merry as a carousel. The circus tent was strung with evry star in the sky above the ring I loved so well. Now the young world has grown old. Gone is the silver and gold.
Clarence Williams, Spencer Williams - Royal Garden Blues.xml
No use of talkin', no use of talkin', you'll start in dog walkin', no matter where there's jazzcopation, blues modulation just like a Haitian you'll rip and tear. Most ev'ry body likes the blues, here's why I'm ravin', here's why I'm ravin', if it's blues you are cravin' just come on down. You'll hear em' playin', you'll hear em playin', soon you'll be sayin', "Hon, jazz me 'round," because your feet they can't refuse. What's that familiar strain, that true blue note refrain? It's drivin' me insane. Can't keep still tho' it's against my will. I'm on my P's and Q's, I just can't refuse. There goes that melody it sounds so good to me, and I am up a tree. It's a shame you don't know the name. It's a brand new blues, the Royal Garden blues. Ev'ry body grab somebody and start jazzing 'round. Hon, don't you hear that trombone moan? Just listen to that saxaphone Gee hear that calrinet and flute; cornet a jazzin' with a mute. makes me just throw myself away when I hear 'em play That weepin' melancholy strain, say but it's soothing to the brain. Just wanna get right up and dance. Don't care I'll take most any chance. No other blues I'd care to choose, but Royal Garden blues.
Walter Kent, Nat Burton - The White Cliffs of Dover.xml
There'll be blue birds over the white cliffs of Dover tomorrow just you wait and see there'll be love and laughter and peace ever after tomorrow when the world is The shepherd will tend his sheep the valley will bloom again and Jimmy will go to sleep in his own little room again there'll be blue birds over the white cliffs of Dover tomorrow just you wait and see.
Kevin Cavanaugh - THE PLANES LAND DOWNTOWN IN SAN DIEGO.xml
I thought we said "Good bye" I thought we loved en ough, I thought your chap ter closed when the storm took me down "fam il iar" and friends were need ed most Grabbed the keys to be gin a gain START! DRIVE! tho the wheels did n't find an y o pen roads an oth er four way stop Was I still haz ard for your coast? WHERE THE PLANES LAND DOWN TOWN IN SAN DI EG O Be tween the cliffs and ghosts with cow boy's eyes I wan na re turn for this heart has learned just where my run way lies You give me soul cov er my spi rit "Let's roll" to be a bird of par ad ise Bird of par ad ise its pa ra dise And then a cold wind blew Corn ers off some cov ered pag es left in side I was chilled to the bone When I saw your smile so Its time a gain to gath er wings and make that trip once more How man y times (How man y times) Don't we ev er say "Good bye"? WHERE THE My dreams have changed but still there's fuel for more I tilt my head and al ways see a o pen sky op en sky op en sky op en SKY Where the PLANES LAND DOWN TOWN WHERE THE Birds of par ad ise its pa ra dise
Bob Dufford, S.J. - Be Not Afraid.xml
You shall cross the barren desert but you shall not die of thirst. You shall wander far in safety though you do not know the way. You shall speak your words in foreign lands, and all will understan. You shall see the face of God and live. Be not afraid, I go before you always. Come, follow Me, and I will give you rest. If you pass through raging waters in the sea, you shall not drown. If you walk amid the burning flames, you shall not be harmed. If you stand before the pow'r of hell and death is at your side, know that I am with you thru it all. Be not afraid, I go before you always. Come, follow Me, and I will give you rest. Blessed are the poor for the Kingdom shall be theirs. Blest are you that weep and mourn for one day you shall laugh. And if wicked tongues insult and hate you all because of Me, blessed blessed are you! Be not afraid, I go before you always. Come, follow Me, and I will give you rest.
unknown  (war-time song) - There's something about a soldier.xml
There's something about a soldier, something about a soldier, something about a soldier that is fine, fine, fine He may be a stret big General, He may be a sergeant major, Maybe a simple private of the line, line, line, But there's something about his bearing, something in what he's wearing Something about his buttons all a shine, shine, shine, but a military chest seems to suit the ladies best, There's something a bout a soldier that is fine, fine, fine
Irving Berlin - Puttin' On The Ritz.xml
Have you seen the welltodo up and down Park Avenue, on that famous thoroughfare with their noses in the air. High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars, spending ev'ry dime for a wonderful time. If you're blue and you don't know where to go to, why don't you go where the fashion sits, puttin' on the Ritz. Diff'rent types who wear a day coat, pants with stripes and cutaway coat, perfect fits, puttin' on the Ritz. Strolling up the avenue so happy. All dressed up just like an English chappie, very snappy. Come let's mix with Rockefellers walk with sticks or "umberellas" in their mitts, puttin' on the Ritz. Ritz.
Tommy Wolf, Fran Landesman - Ballad of the Sad Young Men.xml
Sing a song of sad young men, glasses full of rye. All the news is bad again; kiss your dreams goodbye. All the sad young men sitting in the bars, knowing neon nights, missing all the stars, All the sad young men drifting through the town. Drinking up the night, trying not to drown. All the sad young men singing in the cold. Trying to forget they're growing old. All the sad young men choking on their youth. Trying to be brave, running from the truth. Autumn turns the leaves to gold. ALowly dies the heart. Sad young men are growing old; that's the cruelest part. All the sad young men seek a certain smile. Someone they can hold for a little while. Tired little girl does the best she can, trying to be gay for a sad young man. While a grimy moon watches from above, all the sad young men at making love. Misbegotten moon, shine for sad young men. Let your gentle light guide them home again. All the sad young men.
Al Dubin, Fred Rath & Joe Warren - Just A Girl That Men Forget.xml
Dear little girl, they call you a Vamp, A flapper with uptodate ways You may shine brightly but just like a lamp, You'll burn out one of these days. Then your old fashioned sister will come into view, With a husband and kiddies, But what about you? You're the kind of a girl that men forget, Just a toy to enjoy for a while, For when men settle down they always get an old fashioned girl, With an old fashioned smile, And you'll soon realise you're not so wise, When the years bring you tears of regret. When they play "Here comes the bride" you'll stand outside, Just A Girl That Men Forget. You're the get.
Chuck Berry - Carol.xml
Oh Carol don't let him steal your heart away I'm gonna learn to dance it if takes me all night and day
Hank Williams - I Can't Help It.xml
Today I passed you on the street and my heart fell at your feet. I can't help it if I'm still in love with you. Somebody else stood by your side and he looked so satisfied. I can't help it if I'm still in love with you. A picture from the past came slowly stealing as I brushed your arm and walked so close to you. Then suddenly I got that old time feeling. I can't help it if I'm still in love with you. It's hard to know another's lips will kiss you and hold you just the way I used to do. Oh, heaven only knows how much I miss you. you
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Someone To Watch Over Me.xml
There's a saying old Says that love is blind, Still we're often told, "Seek and ye shall find." So I'm going to seek A certain lad I've had in mind. Looking ev'rywhere, Haven't found him yet. He's the big affair I cannot forget. Only man I ever Think of with regret.
Jerry Gray, Carl Sigman - Pennsylvania 6-5000.xml.1
Numbers I've got by the dozen ev'ryone's uncle and cousin, But I can't live without buz'zin'" Penn sylvania Six, Five Thous.and. I've got a sweety I know there Someone who sets me aglow there Gives me the sweetest "hello there"   Pennsylvania Six, Five Thous.and. We don't say "how are you" and very seldom ask "what's new?" Instead we start and end each call with "baby confidentially I love you." Maybe it sounds a bit funny When I'm away from my honey. Here's what I do with my money.  Pennsylvania Six, Five Thous.and.
Peter De Rose, Billy Hill - Wagon Wheels.xml
Wagon wheels wagon wheels keep on a turning wagon wheels roll along sing your song carry me over the hill go long mule there's a steamer at the landin waitin for this cotton to load go long mule, the boss is understandin there's a pasture at the end of each road wagon wheels wagon wheels keep on a turnin wagon wheels roll along sing your song Wagon wheels carry me hooome wagon wheels carry me home
Hubert Gregg - Maybe It's Because I'm a Londoner.xml
Maybe its because I'm a Londoner that l love London so Maybe its because I'm a Londoner that I think of her whereever I go I get a funny feeling inside of me just walking up and down Maybe its becaus I;m a London er that I love London Town.
Paul De Senneville, Keith Michell - I'll Give You The Earth.xml
I'll give you the Earth for you to hold in your two hands for what it's worth; I'll take the stars and make a garland for your hair And there'll be flowers ev'rywhere. Then I'll take the sky wipe off the clouds and give you bluebirds that fly high, I'll give you trees that throw their branches at the sky, I'll give you anything you ask me. See I've caught a pearlhere in my hand And only we can understand that pearls don't happen when you cry. I'll give you the sun the stars, the moon I'll give you joy and as we run Across the sands of life with happiness we'll laugh and you'll be whole and not a half then. We'll ride on the sea, swim in a love that's deep and brave and wide and free. we'll take our love and burnish all the world around, And when we weep we'll make no sound. If you think I'm promising too much Here is my hand and when we touch I'll give you all and heaven too. I'll give you the Earth for you to hold in your two hands for what it's worth I'll take the stars and make a garland for your hair And there'll be flowers ev'rywhere I'll give you the sun, the stars, the moon, I'll give you joy and as we run Across the sands of life with happiness we'll laugh, And you'll be whole, and not a half then. La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la La la la la la la la la la la la la La la la la la la la la la.
Irving Berlin - Blue Skies.xml
Blue Skies smiling at me. Nothing but blue skies do I see. Bluebirds singing a song: nothing but bluebirds all day long Never saw the sun shining so bright, Never saw things going so right. Noticing the days hurrying by; when you're in love, my how they fly. Blue sdays, all of them gone. Nothing but blue skies from now on.
Carly Simon - You're So Vain.xml
You walked in to the party like you were walking onto a yacht your hat strategic'lly dipped below one eye your scarf it was apri cot you had one eye in the mirror as you watched yourself ga votte and all the girls dreamed that they'd be your partner they'd be your partner and you're so vain you probb'ly think this song is about you, you;re so vain I'll bet you think this song is about you dont you dont you you had me several years ago when I was still quite na ive well you said that we make such a pretty pair and that you would nev er leave but you gave away the things you loved and one of them was me I had some dreams they were clouds in my coffee clouds in my cof fee and
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - This Happy Feeling.xml
I could laugh I could cry I could float through the sky What a happy happy feeling didn't know such a glow could awaken me so how I love this happy feeling just a look a touch a whisper brought the stars to my eyes from above I have wings on my shoes! may I never lose this happy feeling of love I could love
Giacomo Puccini - Musetta's Waltz.xml
As thro' the street I wander onward merily I wander onward daintily see_how the folk look round because they know I'mcharming a very charming girl and then mine to mark their hidden longing and all the passion in their eyes and then the joy of conquest overcomes me ev'ry man is my prize and thus their hearts their hearts I capture as if by magic all my own ah rapture ah rapture tis mine alone now you that once your passion once betrayed why should you be dis may'd yet tho' deep in your heart deep in your heart rankles the smart you'll never never confess but rather die
Bob Gaudio, Bob Crewe - Can't Take My Eyes Off Of You.xml
You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you. You'd be like heaven to touch. I wana hold you so much. At long last, love has arrived, And I thank God I'm alive. You're just too good to be true. Can't take my eyes off of you. Pardon the way that I stare, There's nothing else to compare, The sight of you leaves me weak. There are no words left to speak. But if you feel like I feel, please let me know that it's real. eyes off of you. I love you baby and if it's quite alright, I need you baby, to warm the lonely night. I love you baby, trust in me when I say: Oh, pretty baby, don't bring me down. I pray, Oh, pretty baby, Now that I've found you, stay, And let me love you, baby, let me love you. You're just too
Frank Loesser, Victor Schertzinger - Kiss the Boys Goodbye.xml
Daddy let me stay out late for tomorrow is our wedding date cant your ba by kind a cel e brate kiss the boys good bye Dady let me wear the mink whats the diffrence what the neighbors think let the baby linger on the brink kiss the boys goodbye and while I'm kissing them sentiment'ly keep the liberal point of view because I'm breaking it to them gently that my heart belongs to you so daddy please remember this that tomorrow starts a life of bliss, let me show them what they're gonna miss kiss the boys goodbye.
Alessandro Cicognini and Paul Weston, Sammy Cahn - Autumn in Rome.xml
Autumn in Rome, My heart remembers fountains where children played, gardens where dreams were made. Autumn in Rome, memories like embers glow when I seem to hear "Arrivaderci dear." Walks beneath the pines that grace the gol den sky. Stopping now and then to share a lovers sigh, you and I. Let winter come, all my Decembers I'll spend just dreaming of the way we fell in love one lovely Autumn in Rome.
Paul Kaufman, Mike Anthony - Poetry in Motion.xml
When I see my baby What do I see? poetry poetry in motion Poetry in motion walkin by my side her lovely locomo tion keeps my eyes open wide poetry in motion see her gen tle sway a wave out on the ocean could never move that way I love evry moveement theres nothing I would change she doesnt need improve ments shes much too nice to rearrange poetry in motion dancing close to me a flower of devotion a swaying grace fully all that I adore no number nine love potion could make me love her
Vernon Duke, E. Y. Harburg - What is There to Say.xml
Darling pardon my confusion, But are you an optical illusion, And if not, then what on earth are you doing to me? If my speech is willy nilly, It's because I cannot gild the lily. I should love to sing your praises, But phrases and words are silly. What is there to say, and what is there to do? The dream I've been seeking has practic'lly speaking come true. What is there to say, and how will I pull through? I knew in a moment, contentment and home meant just you. beauty is just unforgivable. You're made to marvel at and words to that effect. So, What is there to say, and what is there to do? My heart's in a deadlock, I'd even face wedlock with you.
Benny Andersson, Bjorn Ulvaeus, Stig Anderson - Dancing Queen.xml
nybody could be that guy, night is young and the music's high, with a bit of rock music ev'rything is fine. You're in the mood for a dance, and when you get the chance, you are the dancing queen, young and sweet, only seventeen. Dancing queen, feel the beat from the tambourine. You can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life. Oh, see that girl, watch that scene, dig in the dancing queen.
Robert Sherman, Richard Sherman - Cruella De Vil.xml
Cruella Devil Cruella Devil if she doesn't scare you no evil thing will To see her is to take a sudden chill Cruella Cruella Devil The curl of her lips the ice in her stare all innocent children had better be ware She's like a spider waiting for the kill Look out for Cruella Devil At first you think Cruella is the Devil but after time has worn away the shock you come to realize you've seen her kind of eyes watching you from underneath a rock This vampire bat this inhuman beast she ought to be locked up and never released the world was such a wholesome place until Cruella Cruella Devil Cru
Abner Silver, Benny Davis - There Goes My Heart.xml
There goes my heart, there goes the one I love. There goes the girl (boy) I wasn't worthy of; There goes my happiness it couldn't be! There goes somebody else, in place of me. Goodbye romance, it couldn't last somehow, I had my chance, but it's all over now, I never thought that she (he) could pass me by! There goes my heart and here am I. Ther goes my I.
Victor Young, Joe Young, Ned Washington - A Hundred Years From Today.xml
Don't save your kisses, just pass them a round, you'll find my reason is logic'lly sound. Who's gonna know that you passed them around, a hundred years from today. Why crave a penhouse that's fit for a queen, you're nearer heaven on Mother Earth's green. If you had millions, what would they all mean a hundred years from today. So laugh and sing, make love the thing, be happy while you may; there's always one beneath the sun that's bound to make you feel that way. The moon is shining and that's a good sign. cling to me closer and say you'll be mine. Remember darling, we won't see it shine a hundred years from today. A Hundred Years From Today.
Jimmy Davis, Jimmy Sherman, Roger Ram Ramirez - Lover Man (Oh Where Can You Be?).xml
I don't know why, but I'm feelin' so sad; I long to try something to l've never had. Never had no kissin', Oh, what I've been missin'! Lover man, oh where can you be? The night is cold, and I'm so all alone; I'd give my soul just to call you my own. Got a moon above me, But no one to love me. Lover man, oh where can you be? I've heard it said that the thrill of romance can be like a heavenly dream. I go to bed with a pray'r that you'll make love to me, Strange as it seems. Someday we'll meet, and you'll dry all my tears; Then whisper sweet little things in my ears. Huggin' and akissin'; Oh, what we've been missin'! Lover man, oh where can you be?
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - Almost Like Being In Love.xml
What a day this has been! What a rare mood I'm in! Why, it's almost like being in love. There's a smile on my face for the whole human race. Why, it's almost like being in love. All the music of life seems to be, like a bell that is ringing for me. And from the way that I feel when that bell starts to peal I could swear I was falling, I could swear I was falling, it's almost like being in love. What a love.
Pete Seeger, Lee Hays - If I Had A Hammer.xml
If I had a hammer I'd hammer in the morning I'd hammer in the evening all over this land!I'd hammer out dan ger I'd hammer out a warning I'd hammer out love between my brothers and my sisters all over this land If I had a
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - There's A Small Hotel.xml
There's a small hottel with a wishing well; I wish that we were there together There's a bridal suite; one room bright and neat, complete for us to share together Looking thru the window you can see a distant steeple not a sign of people who wants people? When the steeple bell says "Good night sleep well we'll thank the small hotel We'll creep into our little shell and we will thank the small hotel together
Ivan Lins, Vitor Martins, Paul Williams - Love Dance.xml
From too much talk to silent touches sweet touches We turned our heartsto love then tried it, First time romance. There in the quiet. Love learns to dance
Billy Reid, Buddy Kaye - I'll Close My Eyes.xml
I'll close my eyes to ev'ryone but you, and when I do I'll see you standing there. I'll lock my heart to any other caress, I'll never say yes to a new love affair. I'll close my eyes to ev'rything that's gay if you're not there to share each lovely day. And thru the years those moments when we're apart, I'll close my eyes and see you with my heart. I'll close my heart..
Cat Stevens - If You Want To Sing Out, Sing Out.xml
Well  if  you  want  to  sing  out,  sing  out.  And  if  you  want  to  be  free,  be  free,  'cause  there's  a  million  things  to  be,  you  know  that  there  are.  And  if  you  want  to  live  high,  live  high.  And  if  you  want  to  live  low,  live  low,  'cause  there's  a  million  ways  to  go,  you  know  that  there  are.  You  can  do  what  you  want  The  opportunity's  on  And  if  you  find  a  new  way  You  can  do  it  today.  You  can  make  it  all  true  And  you  can  make  it  undo.  You  see:  Ahaha it's  easy  Ahaha you  only  need  to  know.  +3. Well,  if  you  (2.) want to say yes, say yes. And if you want to say no, say no, 'cause there's a million ways to go you know that there are. And if  you want to be me, be me. And if you want to be you, be you, 'cause there's a million things to do, you know that there are. (3.) want  to  sing  out,  sing  out.  And  if  you  want  to  be  free,  be  free,  'cause  there's  a  million  things  to  be,  you  know  that  there  are.  you  know  that  there  are,  you  know  that  there  are,  you  know  that  there  are  You  know  that  there  are
Kevin Shegog - One Small Photograph.xml
Heartaches and sad dreams take away the moonbeams memories that made me so blue all I have to cheer me I always keep it near me One small photograph of you I've got lots of money and things you gave me honey I've got a house and a Cadillac or two If my fortune lessens I'll be satisfied posessing one small photograph of you Take way the sad dreams bring back the moonbeams Come back my darling and stay If you say you'll love me by all the stars above me I'll put my little photograph away you One small photograph of you.
Taio Cruz - World in our hands.xml
No words can hurt us No fire can burn us No walls can hold us 'cau se no one controls us 'Cause we're strong, we're fast Our time has come at last Just hold on don't go anywhere 'Cause we've waited all of our lives Now we're seeing here in our rise Baby no more waiting tonight We got the world in our hands yeah yeah yeah yeah oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Baby no more waiting tonight We got the world in our hands yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah These hands can bbuild up All that we dreamed of Our love will take us where no one can break us I I'm not gonna lose you now I I'm not gonna lose you now oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Baby no more waiting tonight We got the world in our hands yeah yeah yeah yeah oh oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
Marr, Morrissey - HOW SOON IS NOW?.xml
I am the son and the heir of a shy ness that is crim in al ly vul gar I am the son and air of noth ing in par tic u lar You shut your mouth how can you say I go a bout things the "wrong" way? I AM HUM AN AND I NEED TO BE LOVED Just like ev' ry bod y else does There's a club if you'd like to go You could meet some bod y who real ly loves you so you go and you stand on yor own and you leave on your own and you go HOME and you cry and you want to die When you say its gon na hap pen now WELL THEN what ex act ly do you mean? See I've al read y wait ed to long and all my hope is gone I am HUM AN AND I NEED TO BE LOVED Just like ev' ry bod y else does
Mack Gordon, Harry Revel - Goodnight My Love.xml
Goodnight my love, The tired old moon is descending, Goodnight my love, my moment with you now is ending. It was so heavenly, holding you, close to me; It will be heavenly to hold you again in a dream. The stars above Have promised to meet us tomorrow, Till then my love, How dreary the new day will seem. So for the present dear, We'll have to part, Sleep tight, my love, Goodnight my love, Remember that you're mine sweetheart. Good
Guy d'Hardelot, Edward Teschemacher - Because.xml
Because you come to me with naught save love abd hole my hand and lift mine eyes above a wider world of hope and joy I see because you come to me because you speak to me in accents sweet I find the roses waking at my feet and I am led thru tears and joy to thee because you speak to me because God made thee mine I'll cherish thee thru light and darkness thru all time to be and pray His love may make our love divine because God made thee mine
Richard Sherman, Robert Sherman - Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.xml
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! Even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious. If you say it loud enough you'll always sound precocious. Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! Um diddle diddle diddle um diddle ay! Um diddle diddle diddle Um diddle ay! Because I was afraid to speak when I was just a lad me father gave me nose a tweak and told me I was bad but then one day I learned a word that saved me achin' nose. The biggest word you ever 'eard and this is 'ow it goes: Oh He traveled all around the world and ev'rywhere he went he'd use his word and all would say, "there goes a clevr gent!" When Dukes and maharajas pass the time of day with me, I say me special word and then they ask me out to tea. Oh
Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer - It Had Better Be Tonight (Meglio Stasera).xml
Meglia stasera, baby, Go! go! go! Or as we natives say, "Fasubito" 1 .If you're ever gonna kiss me. IT HAD BETTER BE TONIGHT, While the mandolins are playing and stars are bright. If you've anything to tell me, IT HAD BETTER BE TONIGHT; Or somebody else may tell me, And whisper the words just right. Meglio stasera, baby, Go! go! go! Or as we natives say, "Fa subito"  For this poor Americano, Who knows little of your speech, Be a nice Italiano, and start to teach. Show me how, in old Milano, Lovers hold each other tight; But I warn you, sweet paisano, IT HAD BETTER BE TONIGHT. Meglio stasera, baby, Go! go! go! Or as we natives say "Fa subito."
Gary Troxel, Gretchen Christopher and Barbara Ellis - Come Softly To Me (Transcribed).xml
Um Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom... Um Doo Be Doo... Come Softly Darling. Come softly darLing. Come softly darling. Come softly darling. Come softly darling. Come to me stay. You're my obsession for ever and a day. I want, want you to know... oh doo be doo... I love, I love you so... oh doo be doo... Please hold, hold me so tight... oh doo be doo... all through, all through the night. Speak softly darling. Hear what I say. I love you always, always, always. I've waited, waited so long... oh doo be doo... for your kisses and your love... oh doo be doo... Please come, come to me... oh doo be doo... from up, from up above... Um Doo Be Doo... I want, want you to know... oh doo be doo... I love, I love you so... oh doo be doo... I need, need you so much... oh doo be doo... Wanna feel your warm, warm touch... Um Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Um Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Doo Be Doo... Dom Dom Dom Doo Dom Um Doo Be Doo
Slim Dusty, Phil Skinner - Old Bush Mates Of Mine.xml
There's a faroff distant valley where the Nulla moon shines bright I can see it all so clearly for in dreams I'm there tonight I go wandring through my memries and my restless heart beats time to dwell awhile and sadly smile for those old bush mates of mine Happy days with schoolboy cobbers there was Shorty Ron and Jim we'd swim beneath the willows chasing turtles down the stream oh the bushland was just a playground beneath the friendly skies my thoughts still go to the land I know where the big blue mountains rise.
Buddy Holly, Norman Petty - That'll Be The Day.xml
Well, you give me all your lovin and your turtle dovin all your hugs an kisses and your mon ey too well you know you love me baby until you tell me maybe that some day, well I'll be through well that'll be the day when you say goodbye yes that'll be the day when you make me cry ah, you say you're gonna leave you know it's a lie cause that'll be the day when I die well when I die when Cupid shot his dart he shot it at your heart so I'd we ever partand I leave you you say you told me an you told me boldly that some day well, I'll be through well.
Air - Playground Love.xml
I'm a highschool lover and you're my fav'rite flavor Love is all, all my soul You're my playground love Yet my hands are shaking I feel my body reeling Time's no matter I'm on fire On the playground love
John Schonberger, Richard Coburn, Vincent Rose - Whispering.xml
Whispering while you cuddle near me whispering so no one can hear me Each little whisper seems to cheer me I know it's true there's no one dear but you You're whispering why you'll never leave me whispering why you'll never grieve me whisper and say that you believe me, Whispering that I love you. you.
Robert Allen, Al Stillman - Moments To Remember.xml
The New Years Eve we did the town, the day we tore the goalposts down. We will have these moments to remember. The quiet walks the noisy fun the ballroom prize we almost won; We will have these moments to remember. The summer turns to winter, and the present disappears. The laughter we were glad to share will echo through the years. When other nights and other days may find us gone our sep'rate ways. We will have these moments to remember.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - A FOGGY DAY.xml
A FOG GY DAY in Lon don town It had me low It had me down I viewed the morn ing with such a larm The Brit ish mu se um had lost all its charm "How long", I won dered "could this thing last?" but the age of mir a cles had n't passed For sud den ly I saw you there and thru FOG GY LON DON TOWN the sun was shin ing ev' ry where FOG GY LON DON TOWN and thru FOG GY LON DON TOWN and thru FOG GY LON DON TOWN the sun was shin ing ev' ry where
Cole  Porter - All Of You.xml
I love the looks of you, the lure of you, the sweet of you the pure of you; the eyes, the arms, the mouth of you, the East, West, North, and the South of you. I'd love to gain complete control of you, and handle even the heart and soul of you. So love, at least a small percent of me, do, for I love all of you. I love the
Camillo Bargoni, Paul Siegel, Al Stillman - And That Reminds Me.xml
I hear the sound of music, your favrite kind of music and that reminds me dear of you. I see the summer roses, your favrite shade of roses and that reminds me too of you, dear. If I could hear no music, if there should be no roses, no summer night to make me dream as I do. I still would not forget you; one thing would still be true; My Heart Reminds Me, I Love You! I still would not forget you; one thing would still be true; My Heart Reminds Me, I Love You!
Vaclav Blaha, Mitchell Parish - The Blue Skirt Waltz.xml
I dream of that night with you Lady when first we met We danced in a world of blue, How can my heart forget Blue were the skies and blue were your eyes, Just like the blue skirt you wore Come back blue lady come back Don't be blue anymore
John Henry Hopkins 1857 - We Three Kings.xml
We three kings of or i ent are bear ing gifts we tra vers a far field and foun tain moor and moun tain fol low ing yon der star O star of won der star of night star with roy al beau ty bright west ward lead ing sitll pro ceed ing guide us to thy per fect light. born a king on Beth le hem's plain gold I bring to crown Him a gain King for ev er ceas ing nev er o ver us all to reign. O star of won der star of night star with roy al beau ty bright west ward lead ing sitll pro ceed ing guide us to thy per fect light. frank in sense to of fer have I in sense owns a de i ty night prayer and prais ing all men rai sing wor ship Him God on high O star of won der star of night star with roy al beau ty bright west ward lead ing sitll pro ceed ing guide us to thy per fect light. Myrrh is mine a bit ter per fume breathes a life of ga ther ing gloom sor rowing sigh ing bleed ing dy ing sealed in a stone cold tomb O star of won der star of night star with roy al beau ty bright west ward lead ing sitll pro ceed ing guide us to thy per fect light. glo rious now be hold Him a rise King and God and Sac ri fice Al le lu ia al le lu ia earth to heaven re plies O star of won der star of night star with roy al beau ty bright west ward lead ing sitll pro ceed ing guide us to thy per fect light.
Raleigh, Barkan - JUST LET ME CRY.xml
Oh stars on high why can't I make you see? That I don't want your light to shine on me? He said good bye: JUST LET ME CRY Yea let me hear the rob in's song a above. What good's their song if I've no one to love. Don't Hide ev' ry love ly flow er from my sight. Don't let that dream y moon come out oh, to night. Don't please don't let me see two lov ers kiss Don't let me be re mind ed what I miss. He said good bye: JUST LET ME CRY Yea
Kenneth Ascher, Paul Williams - The Rainbow Connection.xml
Why are there so many songs a bout rainbows, and what's on the other side? Rainbows are vi sions, but on ly illusions but rainbows have nothing to hide. So we've been told, and some choose to believe it. I know we're wrong; wait and see. Someday we'll find it, the rain bow con nec tion; the lovers, the dreamers, and me. All of us under it's spell; we know that it's probably magic. Have you been half asleep and have you heard voices? I've heard them calling my name. Is this the sweet sound that calls the young sailors? The voice might be one and the same. I've heard it too many times to ignore it. It's something that I'm s'posed to be. Someday we'll find it, the rainbow connection; the lovers the dreamers, and me. La da da dee da da do la la da da da de da do.
Doc Pomus & Mort Shuman - A Teenager in Love.xml
Each time we have a quarrel it almost breaks my heart, 'Cause I am so afraid that we will have to part. Each night I ask the stars up above: Why must I be a teenager in love? One day I feel so happy; next day I feel so sad. I guess I'll learn to take the good with the bad. I cried a tear for nobody but you. I'll be a lonely one if you should say we're through. If you want to make me cry, that won't be so hard to do. And if you should say goodbye, I'll still go on loving you. Each night I ask the stars up above Why must I be a teenager in love, in love? in love?
Les Kettley - You're a Hit.xml
Before the talent show started, before you'd sung a note, our eyes met over the footlights, and then you had my vote, the only winner of this show, is so very clear to me, you could have been alone on stage, only you I could see. You're a hit, you're a hit, you're a hit, you're a hit, you are my number one, you're a hit, you're a hit, you're a hit, you're a hit, before you've even sung, for me you are the one.
William W. Walford 1845, William B. Bradbury 1861 - Sweet Hour of Prayer.xml
sweet hour of prayer sweet hour of prayer that calls me from a world of care and bids me at my Father's throne make all my wants and wish es known in sea sons of dis tress and grief my soul has of ten found re lief and oft es caped the temp ters snare by thy re turn sweet hour of prayer sweet prayer
Artie Glenn - Crying In The Chapel.xml
You saw me crying in the chapel tears I shed were tears of joy I know the meaning of contentment Now I am happy with the Lord just a plain and simple chapel where humblepeople go to pray I pray the Lord that I'll grow stronger as I live from day to day I've searched and I've searched but I couldnt find no way on earth to gain peace of mind now I'm happy in the chapel where people are of one accord we gather in the cha pel just to sing and praise the Lord Ev 'ry sinner look for something that will put his heart at ease there is only one true answer He must get down on his knees meet your neighbour in the chapel join with him in tears of joy You'll know the meaning of contentment then you'll be happy with the Lord you'll search and you'll search but I couldnt find no way on earth to gain peace of mind take your troubles to the chapel get down on your knees and pray your burdens will be light er and you'll surely find the way.
J.P. Richardson - Chantilly Lace.xml
(Hahahahaha) (spoken) Oh, you sweet thing! Do I what? Will I what? Oh. Baby, you know what I like! Chantilly Lace and a pretty face and a pony tail hangin' down, Wiggle in her walk and a giggle in her talk, Makes the world go 'round, Ain't nothin' in this world like a big eyed girl to make me act so funny, make me spend my money, make me feel real loose like a longnecked goose, like a girl..(Oh,Baby,that's`a`what`I`like) girl.(Oh,Baby,that's`a`what`I`like.)
Cole Porter - Easy To Love.xml
You'd be so Easy To Love, So easy to idolize, all others above, So worth the yearning for, So swell to keep ev'ry home fire burning for. We'd be so grand at the game, So carefree together, that it does seem a shame, That you can't see Your future with me, 'Cause you'd be, oh, so Easy To Love! Love!
Adele, Paul Epworth - ROLLING IN THE DEEP.xml
There's a fire start ing in my heart reach ing a fev er pitch and its bring in' me out the dark Fin al ly i can see you cry stal clear Go ah ead and sell me out and I'll lay your stuff down The scars of your love re mind me of us. They keep me think ing that we al most had it all. The scars of your love they leave me breath less I can't help think ing: We could 've had it all Roll ing in the deep You had my heart and Soul 'side of your hand and you played it to the beat
Federick Hollander, Dr. Seuss - Because We're Kids.xml
Now just because we're kids because we're sort of small because we're closer to the ground and you are bigger by the pound you have no right you have no right to push and shove us little kids around now just because you're throat has got a deeper voice and lots of wind to blow it at little kids who don't dare shout you have no right you have no right to boss and beat us little kids around just because you've whiskers on your face to shave you tret us like a slave so what? it's only hair just because you wear your wallet near your heart you think you're twice as smart you know it isn't fair but we'll grow up someday and when we do I pray we won't just grow in size and sound and just be bigger by the pound I'd hate to grow like some I know who push and shove the little kids around shove the little kids around just because we're kids
Irving Berlin - This Is the Army Mr Jones.xml
This is the army Mister Jones no private rooms or telephones You had your breakfast in bed before but you wont have it there anymore this is the army Mister Green we like the barracks nice and clean you had a housemaid to clean your floor but she wont help you out anymore. Do what the buglers command They're in the Army and not in a band This is the Army Mister Brown You and your baby went to town She had you worried but this is war, and she wont worry you anymore more.
Nicholas Brodszky, Sammy Cahn - I'll Never Stop Loving You.xml
I'll never stop loving you, Whatever else I may do, My love for you will live 'till time itself is through. I'll never stop wanting you, And when forever is through, my heart will beat the way it does each time we meet. The night doesn't question the stars that appear in the skies, So why should I question the stars that appear in my eyes. Of this I'm more than just sure, My love will last and endure, I'll never, no, I'll never stop loving you. you.
Graham Nash - Our House.xml
I'll light the fire you place the flowers in the vase that you bought today staring at the fire for hours and hours while I listen to you play your love songs all night long for me only for me Our house is a very very fine house with two cats in the yard, life used to be so hard, now evrything is easy cause of you OOO wa la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la OOO wa I'll light the fire while you place the flowers in the vase that you bought to day.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Jim Steinman - No Matter What.xml
No matter what they tell us No matter what they do no matter what they teach us what we believe is true no matter what they call us howeveer they attack No matter where they take us we will find our own way back I cant de ny what I believe I cant be what I'm not I know our loves forever I know no matter what If only tears were laugh ter If only night was day if only prayers were answered then we woud hear God say: No matter what they tell you no matter what they do no matter what they teach you what you believe is true
Traditional English, broadside ballad 1850 - Greensleeves.xml
Alas my love you do me wrong to cast me out discourteously when I have loved you so long delighting in your company Greensleeves was my delight Greensleeves was my heart of gold greensleeves was my lady love and who but my lady greensleeves? I sleeves
Claude Casey  - Send Me The Pillow That You Dream On.xml
Send me the pillow that you dream on dont you know that I still care for you send me the pillow that you dream on so darling I can dream on it too. Each night while I'm sleeping oh so lonely I'll share your love in dreams that once were true. send me the pillow that you dream on so darling I can dream on it too I've waited so long for you to write me but just a mem 'rys all thats left of you too
Rudolf  Friml, Brian Hooker - Vagabond King Waltz.xml
Never try to bind me, Never hope to know. Take me as you find me, Love and let me go Tho; the loves we leave behind us Change and fade away Never mind, you may be mine to day.
Dick Manning, Al Hoffman - Mi Casa, Su Casa.xml
Mi casa, su casa, My house is your house. Welcome to my hacienda Mi casa, su casa, My home is your home, I'll give you love, warm and tender. My house is nothing more than windows and a door, And a roof that will keep out the rain. The day you say your mine, my humble house will shine, Just like a castle in Spain. Mi casa, su casa, My house is your house. Let's plan the future to gether. Tell me, Oh, tell me that your heart is my heart and I will love you forever.
Bronislau Kaper - Invitation.xml
You and your smile hold a strange invitation. Somehow it seems we've shared our dreams, but where? Time after time in a room full of strangers, out of the blue suddenly you are there. Wherever I go you're the glow of temptation, glancing my way in the gray of the dawn. And always your eyes smile that strange invitation. Then you are gone. Where, oh, where have you gone? How long must I stay in a world of illusion, be where you are, so near yet so far apart. Hoping you'll say, with a warm invitation, "Where have you been? Darling come in, come into my heart."
John Redmond, James Cavanaugh, Frank Weldon - Christmas in Killarney.xml.1
The holly green, the ivy green, the prettiest picture you've ever seen, Is Christmas in Killarney, With all of the folks at home. It's nice, you know, to kiss your beau, While cuddling under the mistle toe, And Santa Claus of course you know, is one of the boys from home. The door is always open; the neighbours pay a call; And Father John, before he's gone, will bless the house and all. How grand it feels to click your heels, and join in the fun of the jigs and reels; I'm handing you no blarney, The likes you've never known, Is Christmas in Killarney, With all of the folks at home. The all of the folks at home.
J. Calvert, G. Hughes - We're Going To Ibiza.xml
don't wanna be busdriver all my life I'm gonna pack my bags and leave this town grab a flight fly away on Venga Airways fly me high. Ibiza sky. I look up at the sky and I see the clouds, I look down at the ground and I see the rain go down the drain. Fly away on Venga Airways, fly me high, Ibiza sky. Whoah we're going to Ibiza Whoah back to the island. Whoah we're gonna have a party. Whoah in the mediterranean sea. eohooe ohoo oweehoo oweeho eohoo e ohoo oweehoo owee oh Far away from this big town and the rain, it's really very nice to be. Home again fly away on Venga Airways, fly me high, Ibiza sky. eohooeohoo owoohoo owee oh
Peggy Lee, Sonny Burke - The Siamese Cat Song.xml
We are Siameeiz if you pleeiz. We are Siameeiz if you don't please. We are former residents of Siam There is no finer cats than I am. We are Siamese with very dainty claws. Please observing paws containing dainty claws. Now we lookin' over our new domicile. If we like we stay for maybe quite awhile.
Al Lewis, Larry Stock, Vincent Rose - Blueberry Hill.xml
I found my thrill On Blueberry Hill On Blueberry Hill When I found you. The moon stood still On Blueberry Hill. And lingered til my dreams came true. The wind in the willow played Love's sweet melody; But all of those vows we made were never to be. Tho' we're apart. Tou're part of me still For you were my thrill On Blueberry Hill. I found my Hill.
Guy Wood, Robert Mellin - My One and Only Love.xml
The very though of you makes my heart sing like an April breeze on the wings of spring. And you appear in all your splendor my one and only love The shadows fall and spread their mystic charm in the hush of night while you're in my arms. I feel your lips so warm and tender my one and only love. The touch of your hand is like heaven a heaven that I've never known The blush on your cheek whenever I speak tells me that you are my own. You fill my eager heart with such desire. Ev'ry kiss you give sets my soul on fire. I give myself in sweet surrender, my one and only love. love.
Harry Carroll, Joseph McCarthy - I'm Always Chasing Rainbows.xml
I'm always chasing rainbows watching clouds drifting by my schemes are just like all my dreams ending in the sky Some fellows look and find the sunshine I always look and find the rain some fellows make a winning sometime I never even make a gain, believe me I'm always chasing rainbows waiting to find a little bluebird in vain.
Felix Powell (1915), George Asaf (Pseudonym for George Powell) - Pack Up Your Troubles.xml
Pack up your trou bles in your old kit bag and smile smile smile while you've a lucifer to light your fag, smile boys thats the style whats the use of worrying it never was worthwhile so pack up your troubles in your old kit bag and smile, smile, smile.
Traditional - All Through The Night.xml
Sleep my child and peace attend thee all through the night Guardian angels God will send thee all through the night Soft the drowsy hours are creeping hill and vale in slumber sleeping I my loving vigil keeping all through the night, While the moon her watch is keeping all through the night while the wea ry world is sleep ing all through the night O'er thy spirit gently stealing visions of delight revealing breathes a pure and holy feeling all through the night.
Don Meyer, Elise Bretton, Sherman Edwards - For Heaven's Sake.xml
For heavens sake, let's fall in love, it's no mistake to call it love. An angel's olding hands with me, how heavenly Heaven can be. Here is romance for us to try, here is the chance we can't deny. While Heaven's giving us the break let's fall in love, for Heaven's sake. Don't say a word my darling, don't break a spell like this. Just hold me tight, we're alone in the night, and Heaven is hee in a kiss. This pair of eyes can see a star, so paradise can't be so far. Since Heaven's what we're dreaming of, for Heaven's sake let's fall in love.
Hoagy Carmichael, Paul Francis Webster - Memphis In June.xml
Memphis in June, a shady veranda under a Sunday blue sky. Memphis in June, and cousin Amanda's makin' a rhubarb pie. I can hear the clock inside atickin' and tockin'. Ev'rything is peacefuly dandy I can see ol' Granny 'cross the street still a rockin', watchin' the neighbors go by. Memphis in June, with sweet ole ander blowin' perfume in the air. Up jumps a moon to make it that much grander. It's paradise; brother take my advice, nothin's half as nice as Memphis in June.
Erroll Garner - Misty.xml.1
Look at me, I'm as helpless as a kitten up a tree, and I feel like I'm clinging to a cloud; I can't understand, I get misty just holding your hand. Walk my way and a thousand violins begin to play, Or it might be the sound of your hello, that music I hear, I get misty the moment you're near. You can say that you're leading me on, but it's just what I want you to do; Don't you notice how hopelessly I'm lost, That's I'm following you. On my own would I wander through this wonderland alone, never knowing my right foot from my left, my hat from my glove, I'm too misty and too much in love. why
Cole Porter - I concentrate on you.xml
Whenever skies look grey to me and trouble begins to brew, whenever the winter winds become too strong, I Concentrate On You. When fortune cries "nay, nay!" to me and people declare "You're through," whenever the blues become my only song, I Concentrate On You. On your smile so sweet, so tender, when at first my kiss you decline. On the light in your eyes, when you surrender and once again our arms intertwine. And so when wisemen say to me that love's young dream never comes true. To prove that even wisemen can be wrong, I Concentrate On You. I concentrate, and concentrate on you.
Cole Porter - You're Sensational.xml
I've no proof when people say you're more or less aloof. But you're sensational. I don't care if you are called "The Fair Miss Frifid Air" 'Cause you're sensational, Making love is quite an art What you require is the proper squire to fire you're heart, And if you say that one fine day you'll let me come to call. We'll have a ball 'Cause you're sensational sensational, That's all, that's all, that's all.
Eddie Heywood, Norman Gimbel - Canadian Sunset.xml
Once I was alone So lonely and then you came out of nowhere like the sun up from the hills Cold cold was the wind warm warm were your lips out there on that skitrail where your kiss, filled me with thrills a weekend in Canada a change of scene was the most I bargained for and then I discovered you and in your eyes I found a love that I couldn't ignore down down came the sun fast fast beat my heart I knew as the sunset from that day we'd never part.
Merle Travis, Cliffie Stone, Eddie Kirk - So Firm, So Round, So Fully Packed.xml
So round so firm so fully packed thats my gal so complete from front to back thats my pal toasted by the sun and I'm a sonofagun if she dont make my five oclock shadow come around at one you can bet your boots I'l walk a mile thru the snow Just to see her toothpaste smile they mention on the radio if you dont think shes a lot of fun just ask the man that owns one so round so firm so fully packed thats my gal so found so firm so fully packed shes for me shes just like a moneyback guarantee like a barfly goes for drink, like the bobby sox goes for Frank and just like Jesse James would go for money in the bank from head to foot shes perfect size shes a whiz but she wears a forty five gun that is shes got the look thats so impressin shes got the pause thats so refreshing so round so firm so fully packed thats my gal so gal
Stanley Gelber - On A Snowy Christmas Night (Transcribed).xml
Midnight prayers so softly wispered in a Cathedral's candle light bring the message of the holidays on a snowy Christmas night. Holly reeds and hidden mistletoe, symbols of the season's might, joyful faces ev'rywhere you go on a snowy Christmas night. Give thanks for all you've been blessed with and hold your loved ones tight for you know the Lord's been good to you on a snowy Christmas night. Mother Nature wears a bridal gown for the world's dressed in white. There's a silent glow that fills the earth on a snowy Christmas night. Give thanks for all you've been blessed with and hold your loved ones tight, for you know the Lord's been good to you on a snowy Christmas night. For you know the Lord's been good to you on a snowy Christmas night.
Marvin Hamlisch, Howard Liebling - Sunshine Lollipops And Rainbows.xml
Sunshine lollipops and rainbows evrything that wonderful is what I feel when were together brighter than a lucky penny when you're near the rain goes disappears dear and I feel so fine just to know that you are mine my life is sunshine lollipops and rainbows thats how this refrain goes so come on join in evrybody way cause you're in love to stay
Harry Warren, Joe  Brooks - That's Amore.xml
When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie that's amore when the world seems to shine like you've had too much wine that's amore Bells will ring, tingalinga ling tingalingaling and you'll sing Veeta bella Hearts will play tippy tippy tay tippy tippy tay like a gay tarantella when the stars make you drool just like pastafazool that's amore when you dance down the street with a cloud at your feed you're in love when you walk in a dream but you know you're not dreaming signor e Scuz za me but you see back in old Napoli that's amore.
Bernie Lowe, Kal Mann, Anthony September - Butterfly.xml
You tell me you love me you say you'll be true then you fly around with somebody new but I'm crazy about you You butterfly youre treating me mean youre making me cry Ive made up my mind to tell you goodbye but I'm no good without you you butterfly I knew from the first time I kissed you that you were the troub blin kind cause the honey drips from your sweet lips one taste and I'm out of my mind I love you so much I know what I'll do I'm clipping your wings your flying is through Cause I'm crazy about you you butter fly you fly
Johnny Mandel, Alan Bergman - Where Do You Start.xml
Where do you start? How do you separate the present from the past? How do you deal with all the things you thought would last, that didn't last? with bits of mem'ries scattered here and there. I look around and don't know were to start. Which books are yours? Which tapes and dreams belong to you and which are mine? our lives are tangled like the branches of a vine, that intertwine. So many habits that we'll have to break and yesterdays we'll have to take apart. One day thee'll be a song or something in the air again to catch me by surprise and you'll be there again. A moment in what might have been. Where do you start? do you allow yourself a little time to cry or do you close your eyes and kiss it all goodbye? I guess you try. and though I don't know where and don't know when, I'll find myself in love again, I promise there will always be a little place no one will see, a tiny part, deep in my heart, that stays in love with you.
Benny Anderson, Stig Anderson  and  Bjorn Ulvaeus - Do you know the way to San Jose.xml
Do you know the way to San Jose I've been away so long I may go wrong and lose my way Do you know the way to San Jose I'm goiing back to find some peace of mine in SanJose L. A, is a big freeway put a hundred down and buy a car In a week maybe two they'll make you a star weeks turn into years how quick they pass and all the stars that never were are parking cars and pumping gas You can really breathe in SanJose They've got a lot of space There'll be a place where I can stay I was born and raised in San Jose I'm going back to find some peace of mind in San Jose Fame and fortune is a magnet it can pull you far away from home with a dream in your heart you're never alone dreams turn into dust and blow away and there you are without a friend you pack your car and ride away.
Larry Clinton - The Dipsy Doodle.xml
The Dipsy Doodle is thing to beware. The Dipsy Doodle will get in your hair. And if it gets you it couldn't be worse the things you say will come out in reverse like You love I and me love you. That's the way the Dipsy doodle works! The Dipsy Doodle is easy to find. It's almost always in back of your mind. You never know it until it's too late. And then you're in such a terrible state, like the moon jumped over the cow hey diddle That's the way the Dipsy Doodle works! victim of the Dipsy Doodle. But it's not your mind that's hazy It's your tongue that's at fault not your noodle. You'd better listen and try to be good. And try to do all the things that you should The dipsy Doodle will get you some day. You'll think you're crazy the things that you'll say like Rhythm got I and hot am I That's the way the Dipsy Doodle works!
Leroy Anderson, Mitchell Parish - Belle of the Ball.xml
Dancing so lightly and smiling so brightly tonight you're the Belle of the Ball. Is it a wonder the fellows are under the spell of the Belle of the Ball. You are the girl of their dreams, every one seems to adore you. And you can tell at a glance There is romance waitin somewhere for you. So have a gay time, the music and May time will end with the break of the dawn. You and your laughter will linger long after the sound of the mjusic is gone. We will rememberth night. You were the fairest of all. In our hearts you'll be dancing, forever, and ever the Belle of the Ball.
Irving Berlin - Be Careful, It's My Heart.xml
Be careful, it's my heart. It's not my watch you're holding, it's my heart. It's not the note I sent you that you quickly burned. It's not the book I lent you that you never returned. Remember, it's my heart. The heart with which so willingly I part. It's yours to take to keep or break, but please, before you start, be careful, it's my heart. heart.
Jay Livingstone, Ray Evans - To Each His Own.xml
A rose must remain with the sun and the rain or it lovely promise won't come true. To each his own, to each his hown And my own is you What good is a song if the words just don't belong and a dream must be a dream for two No good alone, to each his own, For me there's you: If a flame is to grow there must be a glow, To open each door there's a key. I need you I know, I can't let you go, Your touch means too much to me. Two lips must insist on two more to be kissed or they'll never know what love can do. To each his own, I've found my own one and only you. A you.
Buck Ram and Peter Tinturin - I'm Sorry (Transcribed from the Platters Record).xml
I'm sorry for the things I've done. I know that I'm the foolish one. Now that I see who's to blame, I'm so ashamed; I'm Sorry! I'm sorry for the things I've said. Just like a child I lost my head. I should have known from the start, I'd break your heart; I'm Sorry! Please be kind and I know you'll find it's so easy to forgive. Darling wait for it's not too late give our love a chance to live. I know the heartaches you've been through. I know for I've had heartaches too. There's nothing more I can do but say to you, I'm Sorry! Please be kind and I know you'll find it's so easy to forgive. Darling wait for it's not too late. Give our love a chance to live. I know the heartaches you've been through. I know for I've had heartaches too. There's nothing more I can do but say to you, I'm Sorry! Darling I'm truly Sorry!
Bill Monroe - Kentucky Waltz.xml
I can hear that haunting waltz of Kentucky I fell in love the night I heard that tune and I was the boy that was lucky But it all ended too soon As I sit alone in the moonlight I see your smi ling face and I long once more for your embrace in that beautiful Kentucky waltz. I can Waltz.
Rolf Lvland, Brendan Graham - You Raise Me Up.xml
When I am down and oh my soul so weary when troubles come and my heart burdened be then, I am still and wait here in the silence until you come and sit awhile with me You raise me up so I can stand on mountains You raise me up to walk on stormy seas I am strong when I am on your shoulders you raise me up to more than I can be.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin, DuBose and Dorothy Heyward - My Man's Gone Now.xml
My man's gone now, ain't no use alistenin' for his tired footsteps climbing up de stairs. Ah, Ah Ole Man Sorrow's come to keep me comp'ny, Whisperin' beside me when I say my prayers. Ah, Ah, Ain' dat I min' workin" Work an' me is travelers Journeyin' to gedder to de prom ise land. But Ole Man Sorrow's marchin' all de way wid me, Tellin' me I'm ole now. Since I lose my man. Since she lose her man. Since I lose my man. Ah, Ah, Ole Man Sowrow's sittin' by de fireplace, Lyin all night long. By me in de bed. Tellin' me de same thing mornin', noon an' eb'nin', That I'm all alone now Since my man is dead. Ah, Since my man is dead. Ah, Ah,
Ivor Novello - We'll Gather Lilacs.xml
Although you're far away And life is sad and grey, I have a scheme a dream to try. I'm thinking dear of you, And all I meant to do, When we're together you and I. We'll soon forget our care and pain, And find such lovely things to share again We'll gather lilacs in the spring again, And walk together down an English lane. Until our hearts have learned to sing again, When you come home once more. And in the evening by the firelights glow, You'll hold me close and never let me go. Your eyes will tell me all I want to know, When you come home once more We'll learn to love anew, The simple joys we knew. And shared together night and day. We'll watch without a sigh, The moments speeding by, When life is free and hearts are gay, My dream is here for you to share, And in my heart my dream becomes a prayer. home once more.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Good morning.xml
Good morn ing good morning We've danced the whole night through Good morning Good morning to you. It's great to stay up late, When the band began to play, the stars were shiningbright now the milkmans on his way it too late to say goodnight.Good morning good morning we danced the whole night through Good morning good morning to you.
Gesangbuch Der Hergogl - 1784, Jeannette Threlfall - Hosanna, Loud Hosanna.xml
Ho   sanna, loud hosanna The little children sang. Through pillared court and temple The lovely anthem rang. To Jesus, who had blessed them Close folded to His breast, The children sang their praises, The simplest and the best.
Albert E. Brumley 1937 - This World Is Not My Home.xml
this world is not my home I'm just a pas sing through My trea sures are laid up some where be yond the blue the ang els be con me from Heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more O Lord You know I have no one but you if heav ens not my home then Lord what can I do? the angels bea con me from heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more they're all ex pect ing me and that's one thing I know my Sav iour par doned me and now I on ward go I kow He'll take me through though I am weak and poor and I can't feel at home in this world an y more O Lord You know I have no one but you if heav ens not my home then Lord what can I do? the angels bea con me from heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more I have a lov ing mo ther up in glo ry land I don't ex pect to stop un till I shake her hand she's wait ing now for me in heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more O Lord You know I have no one but you if heav ens not my home then Lord what can I do? the angels bea con me from heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more just up in glory land we'll live e tern al ly the saints on ev ery hand are shout ing vic to ry their an gels be con me from heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more O Lord You know I have no one but you if heav ens not my home then Lord what can I do? the angels bea con me from heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more the an gels be con me from heav en's op en door and I can't feel at home in this world an y more
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Thoroughly Modern Millie.xml
Evrething today is thoroughly modern (Check your personality) evrything today makes yesterday slow (Better face reality) It's not insan ity says van ity fair In fact it's sty lish to raise your skirts and bob your hair In a rumble seat the world is so cosy(If the boy is kissable) and that Tango dance they would nt allow (Now it's quite permissable) goodbye goodgoody girl I'm changing and how so beat the drums! cause here comes thoroughly modern Millie now
Frederick Hollander, Dr. Seuss - Because We're Kids.xml.1
Now just because we're kids because we're sort of small because we're closer to the ground and you are bigger by the pound you have no right you have no right to push and shove us little kids around now just because you're throat has got a deeper voice and lots of wind to blow it at little kids who don't dare shout you have no right you have no right to boss and beat us little kids around just because you've whiskers on your face to shave you tret us like a slave so what? it's only hair just because you wear your wallet near your heart you think you're twice as smart you know it isn't fair but we'll grow up someday and when we do I pray we won't just grow in size and sound and just be bigger by the pound I'd hate to grow like some I know who push and shove the little kids around shove the little kids around just because we're kids
Allan Flynn and Frank Madden - Maybe.xml
Maybe you'll think of me, When you are all alone, Maybe the one who is waiting for you Will prove untrue then what will you do. Maybe you'll sit and sigh, wishing that I were near Then maybe you'll ask me to come back again, And maybe I'll say, "Maybe"
Harry Woods - The Whistling Waltz.xml
I've learn'd the secret to mend broken hearts, to turn ev'ry tear to a smile and my secret I'll gladly impart, if you'll stroll with me for a while From a little birdi heard the whistling waltz. funny little, sunny little whistling waltz you should hear him say, while flying to and fro' 'here we' go, whistle soft and low', soon you'll be surprised to see the skies turn blue find the one you've lost is arm in arm with you. smile, and thro' your tears you'll fall in love a new, to the tune of the whistling waltz
Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman - You're Sixteen (Transcribed).xml
Ooh, you come on like a dream, peaches and cream, lips like strawberry wine. You're sixteen, you're beautiful and you're mine. You're all ribbons and curls, ooh, what a girl, eyes that twinkle and shine. You're sixteen, you're beatiful and you're mine. You're my baby, you're my pet, we fell in love on the night we met. You touched my hand, my heart went pop and ooh, when we kissed we could not stop. You walked out of my dreams into my arms, now, you're my angel divine. You're sixteen, you're beatiful and you're mine. You're sixteen, you're beatiful and you're mine. You're sixteen, you're beatiful and you're mine. Well you're my baby, you're my pet, we fell in love on the night we met. You touched my hand, my heart went pop and ooh, when we kissed we could not stop. You walked out of my dreams into my arms, now, you're my angel divine. You're sixteen, you're beatiful and you're mine. Well you're sixteen, you're beatiful and your mine.
Duke Ellington, Bob Russell - Don't Get Around Much Anymore.xml
Missed the Saturday dance heard they crowded the floor awfly diffrent with out you don't get around much any more thought I'd visit the club got as far as the door they'd have asked me about you don't get around much anymore darlin I guess my mind's more at ease but never the less why stir up memories been invited on dates might have gone but what for awfly diffrent with out you don't get around much any more
unknown - Battle hymn of the republic.xml
Mine eyes have sdeen the glory of the coming of the Lord he is trampling out the vintage where the grapes of wrath are stored, he hath loosed the fatefullightning of his terrible swift sword his truth is marching on Glo ry glory hallelujah glory glory hallelujah glory glory hallelu jah his truth is marching on I have seen him in the watchfires of a hundred circling camps they have builded him an al tar in the evening dews and damps, I can read his righteous sentence by the dim and flaring lamps his day is marching on Glory glory hallelujah glory glory hallelujah glory glory hallelujah his truth is marching on.
Hoagy Carmichael, Frank Loesser - Small Fry.xml
Small fry, struttin' by the pool room, small fry should be in the schoolroom. My, my, put down that cigarette, you ain't a grownup haigh and mighty yet. Small fry, dancin' for a penny, small fry, countin' up how many. My, my, just listen here to me, you ain't the biggest catfish in the sea, You practice peckin' all day long to some old radio song. Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes. You better listen to your Maw and someday practice the law and then you'll be a real success. Yes, small fry you kissed the neighbor's daughter, small fry you stay in shallow water. Seems I should take you 'cross my knee, you ain't the biggest catfish in the sea. You've got your feet all soakin' wet, you'll be the death of me yet. Oh me, oh my, small fry.
Lou Gramm and Mick Jones - Waiting For a Girl Like You.xml
So long, I've been looking too hard, I've been waiting too long. Sometimes I don't know what I will find, I only know it's a matter of time. When you love someone, when you love someone. It feels so right so warm and true, I need to know if you feel it too. Maybe I'm wrong. Won't you tell me if i'm coming on too strong? This heart of mine has been hurt before; this time I wanna be sure. I've been waiting for a girl like you to come into my life. I've been waiting for a girl like you, a love that will survive. I've been waiting for someone new to make me feel alive. Yeah, waiting for a girl like you to come into my life. You're so good when we make love it's understood, it's more than a touch or a word we say. Only in dreams could it be this way. When you love someone, yeah, when you love someone. Now I know it's right from the moment I wake up till deep in the night, there's nowhere on earth that I'd rather be than holding youu tenderly. I've been waiting for a girl like you to come into my life. I've been waiting for a girl like you, a love that will survive. I've been waiting for someone new to make me feel alive. Yeah, waiting for a girl like you to come into my life. I've been waiting, waiting for you. oooooooo I've been waiting, I've been waiting, I've been waiting, waiting for you. oooooooo
John Valentine Eppel, James Royce Shannon - Missouri Waltz.xml
Hush a bye my baby slumber time is coming soon Rest your head upon my breast while Mammy hums a tune the sandman is calling where shadows are falling the soft breezes sigh as in days gone by Way down in Missouri where I heard the melody when I was a little child uponmy Mammys knee theold folks were humming the banjos were strumming so sweet and low.
Turner Layton, Henry Creamer - After You've Gone.xml.1
After you've gone, and left me crying; After you've gone, There's no denying you'll feel blue, you'll feel sad, You'll miss the dearest pal you've ever had. There'll come a time, now don't forget it. There'll come a time, when you'll regret it. Someday when you grow lonely, your heart will break like mine and you'll want me only. After you've gone, After you've gone away. After I'm gone, after we breakup; after I'm gone you're gonna makeup. You will find, you were blind, to let somebody come and change your mind. After the years, we've been together, Their joy and tears, all kind of weather. Someday blue and downhearted, you'll long to be with me right back where you started. After I'm gone, After I'm gone a
Hugh Martin and Ralph Blane - Skip To My Lou.xml
So, choose your partner, Skip To My Lou, choose your partner, Skip To My Lou choose your partner, Skip To My Lou, Skip To My Lou my darlin'. Flies in the buttermilk, shoo, shoo, shoo, flies in the buttermilk, shoo, shoo, shoo, flies in the butter milk, shoo, shoo, shoo, Skip To My Lou my darlin'. Girl:....I'll be glad to go with you, so prithee do not tarry, but if I do it's up to you, to let me dance with Harry (Skip To My Lou,) Charlie, (Skip To My Lou) Johnny, (Skip To My Lou) Skip To My Lou, my darlin.' Lost my partner, Skip To My Lou, Lost my partner, Skip To My Lou, Lost my partner, Skip To My Lou, Skip To My Lou my darlin.' I'll find another one prettier than you, I'll find another one prettier than you, I'll find another one pretier than you and go to another party. Boy:....I'll be glad to go with you, so prithee do not dally, but if I do it's up to you to let me dance with Sally, (Skip To My Lou) Daisy, (Skip Top My Lou), Mary, Skip To My Lou) Skip To My Lou, my darlin.'
Dave Brubeck, Iola Brubeck - Summer song.xml
Love to me is like a summer day. Silent, 'cause there's just too much to say. Still and warm and peaceful Even clouds that may drift by can't disturb our summer sky. I'll take summer, that's my time of year. Winter shadows seem to disappear. Gayest, warmest season. That's the reason I can say that I love a summer day. I hear laughter at the swimmin' hole, kids out fishin' with a willow pole. Boats come driftin' 'round the bend. Why must summer ever end? Love to me is like a summer day. If it ends the memories will stay still and warm and peaceful. Now the days are getting long, I can sing my summer song.
Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Moonlight Becomes You.xml
Moonlight becomes you, it goes with your hair; You certainly know the right thing to wear. Moonlight becomes you, I'm thrilled at your sight; And I could get so romantic tonight. You're all dressed up to go dreaming now don't tell me I'm wrong. And what a night to go dreaming! Mind if I tag along? If I say I love you, I want you to know It's not just because there's moonlight although Moonlight becomes you so.
Hoagy Carmichael, Mitchell Parish - Star Dust.xml
Sometimes I wonder why I spend the lonely night dreaming of a song? the melody haunts my reverie and I am once again with you when our love was new and each kiss an inspiration but that was long ago now my consolation is in the star dust of a song Beside a garden wall when stars are bright you are in my arms, the nightingale tells his fairy tale of paradise where roses grew, tho I dream in vain in my heart it will remain my star dust melody the melody of loves refrain.
Al Hoffman, Al Goodhart & Ed Nelson - I Apologise.xml
If I told a lie, if I make you cry, when I said goodbye, I'm sorry, from the bottom of my heart, dear, I Apologise. If I caused you pain, I know I'm to blame, must have been insane, believe me, I Apologise. I realise I've been unfair to you, please let me make amends, Don't say that you forgot the love we knew, after all, we were more than friends. Give me back your glance, give me back romance, give me one more chance, forgive me. From the bottom of my heart ,dear, I Apologise. If I've made you blue I've had heartaches too, now I beg of you, forgive me.
Marguerite Monnot 1959, French: Georges Moustaki 1959; English: Bunny Lewis - Milord ( Ombre de la Rue).xml
Come on get wise Milord her lips tell lies Milord the girl that you adored has found some other guy she's just got bored Milord now you're ignored Milord deep down inside your pride won't let you say goodbye that Southern belle Milord has got a heart of ice love cam be hell Milord as well as paradise.
Bob Hilliard, Carl Sigman - Civilization (Bongo, Bongo, Bongo).xml
Bongo, bongo, bongo I don't want to leave the Congo, Oh, no, no, no, no, no! Bingle, bangle, bungle, I'm so happy in the jungle I refuse to go. Don't want no bright lights, false teeth, doorbells, landlords, I make it clear That, no matter how they coax me, I'll stay right here! They have things like the atom bomb, So, I think I'll stay where I "um" Civilization, I' stay right here!
Leslie Stuart - Lily of Laguna.xml
She's ma lady love she is my dove ma baby love she's no gal for sittin down to dream she's the only queen Laguna knows I know she likes me I know she likes me because she says so she is my Lily of Laguna she is my lily and my rose.
Hugh Wade, Kermit Goell - Souvenir De Paris.xml
In Paris winds were softly sighing thro' ev'ry budding chestnut tree, I strolled along with thoughts of buying A Souvenir De Paris. The air was sweet with blossoms falling, I thought how lovely life can be and wanted something for re calling A Souvenir De Paris. Then in a shop down by the Rue de la Paix I suddenly stopped to stare. It was a sight that took my heart away, a girl with sunbeams in her hair. We sailed across the blue together, and be my side she'll always be, romance and love are mine forever, A Souvenir De Paris.
Ralph Blane, Hugh Martin - The Boy Next Door.xml
How can I ignore the boy next door? I love him more than I can say. Doesn't try to please me, Doesn't evev see me, And he never sees me glance his way. And though I'm heartsore, the boy next door Affection for me won't display. I just adore him, so I can't ignore him, The boy next door. How can door.
Unknown - I Want to Die on the Battlefield (With Glory in my Soul).xml
One day as I was thinking of un seen things a bove my savvour came un to me and filled my heart with love oh want to on the bat tle field I want to diein the war oh I want to die on the bat tle field with glo ry in my soul
Burton Lane, E. Y. Harburg - Look To The Rainbow.xml
On the day I was born, said my father, said he, I've an elegant legacy waitin for ye, "Tis a rhyme for your lips and a song for your heart, To sing it whenever the world falls apart. Look, look, look to the rainbow, Follow it over the hill and stream. Look, look, look to the rainbow, follow the fellow who follows a dream. "Twas a sumptuous gift to bequeath to a child, Oh the love of that song kept my feet runnin' wild. For you never grow old and you never stand still, With whipporwills singin' beyond the next hill. dream.  So I bundled me heart and I roamed the world free, To the east with the lark, to the west with the sea; And I searched all the earth and I scanned all the skies, But I found it at last in my own true love's eyes. dream Follow the fellow, follow the fellow, follow the fellow who follows a dream.
George Michael - Careless Whisper.xml
I feel so unsure as I take your hand and lead you to the dance floor As the music dies something in your eyes calls to mind a silver screen and all its sad goodbyes I'm never gonna dance again guilty feet have got no rhythm though it's easy to pretend I know you're not a fool I should have known better than to cheat a friend and waste a chance that I'd been given so I'm never gonna dance again the way I danced with youToTime can never mend the careless whispers of a good friend to the heart and mind ignorance is kind there's no comfort in the truth pain is all you'll find nightthe music seems so loud I wish that we could lose this crowd Maybe it's better this way we'd hurt each other with the things we want to say we could have been so good together we could have had this dance forever but now who's gonna dance with me? Please stay
Billy Reid - I'm Walking Behind You.xml
I'm walkin' behind you on your wedding day and I'll hear you promise to love and obey though you may forget me your still on my mind Look over your shoulder I'm walking behind. Maybe I'll kiss again with a love that's new But I shall wish again I was kissing you Cause I'll always love you wherever you go and though we are parted I want you to know that if things go wrong dear and fate is unkind Look over your shoulder I'm walking behind.
Dolly Parton - Coat Of Many Colors.xml
Back through the years I go wandring once again Back to the seasons of my youth I recall a box of rags that someone gave us, and how my mama put the rags to use There were rags of many colours but evry piece was small and I didnt have a coat and it was way down in the fall Mama sewed the rags to gether sewing evry piece with love she made my coat of many colours that I was so proud of. My coat of many colours that my mama made for me made only from rags but I wore it so proudly Although we had no moneyI was rich as I could be in my coat of many colours my mama made for me
Ray Getzov, Sid Frank  - Please Mr. Sun .xml
Talk to her .PLEASE MISTER SUN, speak to her mister rainbow, and missus moonlight put in a word for me. Tell her how I feel, it should'nt end this way. Since you are all her friends she'll listen to whatever you have to say. Babble to her mister brook, kiss her for me miss raindrop and watch to see they all do, PLEASE MISTER SUN.
Puccini, Bobby Worth - Don't You Know.xml
Don't you know? I have fallen in love with you for the rest of my whole life through. Don't you know? I was yours from the very day that you happened to come my way. Can't you see? I'm under your spell By the look in my eyes can't you tell? Can't you tell? Don't you know? ev'ry beat of my heart keeps crying out I want you so. Don't you know? know?
Irving Berlin - I've Got My Love To Keep me Warm.xml
The snow is snowing, the wind is blowing, but I can weather the storm. What do I care how much it may storm? I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm.
Jack Fulton, Lois Steele - Wanted.xml
Wanted someone who kissed me and held me closely. then stole my heart. Wan ted, someone I trusted, who gave no warning we'd ever part. She was last seen hiding out in someone's arms, She knew nothing of the danger in his charms. A jury may find her guilty but I'd forgive her if I could see A signed confession that she's repented and really wanted no one but me. me.
Paul McGrane, Al Stillman - Juke Box Saturday Night.xml
Moppin' up soda pop rickeys to our hearts delight Dancin' to swingeroo quickies, Juke box Saturday night Goodman and Kyser and Miller help to make things bright, mixin' hot licks with vanilla, Juke box Saturday night They put noth 'in' past us me and honey lamb, makin' one coke last us, 'til it's time to scram. Money, we really don't need that, we make out alright, lettin' the otherguy feed that, Juke box Saturday night.
Traditional Scots tune gleaned by Lady Scott - Loch Lomond.xml
By yon bonnie banks and by yon bonnie braes, where the sun shines bright on Loch Lomond where me and my true love were ever wont to go on the bonnie bonnie banks o' Loch Lomond Oh1 Ye'll take the high road and I'll take the low road, an' I'll be in Scotland afore ye but me and my true love will never meet a gain on the bonnie bonnie banks of Loch Lomond.
Manos Hadjidakis, Billy Towne - Never On Sunday.xml
Oh you can kiss me on a Monday a Monday a Monday is very very good Or you can kiss me on a Tuesday a Tuesday a Tuesday in fact I wish you would or you can kiss me on a Wednesday a Thursday a Friday and Saturday is best But never never on a Sunday a Sunday a Sunday cause thats my day of rest come any
Walter Donaldson - Little White Lies.xml
The moon was all aglow and heaven was in your eyes, The night that you told me those little white lies. The stars all seemed to know that you didn't mean all those sighs, The night that you told me those little white lies. I try but there's no forget ting when ev'ning ap pears I sigh but there's no regretting in spite of my tears. The Devil was in your heart, But heaven was in your eyes., The night that you told me Those little white lies. The lies!
Scott English, Richard Kerr - Mandy.xml
I remember all my life raining down as cold as ice shadows of a man a face through the window crying in the night the night goes into Mornings just another day happy people pass my way Looking in their eyes I see a memry I never realized how happy you made me Oh Mandy well you came and you gave without taking but I sent you away Oh Mandy well you kissed me and stopped me from shaking and I need you roday Oh Mandy I"m
Ernest Tubb - Tomorrow Never Comes.xml
Oh you tell me that you love me Yes you tell me that you care that tomorrow we'll be married But tomorrow's never there Oh tomorrow never comes No, tomorrow nev er comes Now you tell me that you love me but tomorrow never comes Many
Sammy Gallop, Elmer Albrecht, Dick Jurgens - Elmer's Tune.xml
Why are the stars always winkin' and blinkin' above? What makes a fellow start thinkin' of fallin' in love? It's not the season, the reason is plain as the moon I'ts just Elmer's Tune. What makes a lady of eighty go out on the loose? Why does a gander meander in search of a goose? What puts the kick in a chicken, the magic in June? It's just Elmer's tune. Listen, listen, there's a lot you're li'ble to be missin'; Sing it, swing it, any old way and any old time. The hurdy gurdies, the birdies, the cop on the beat; the candy maker, the baker, the man on the street; The city charmer, the farmer, the man in the moon all sing Elmer's Tune. Why are the
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - I've Got The World On  A String.xml
I've got the world on a string sittin on a rainbow, fot the string around my finger. What a world, what A life I'm in love. I've got a song that I sing, I can make the rain go, anytime I move my finger, Lucky me, can't you see I'm in love? Life is a beautiful thing, as long as I hold the string, I'd be a lucky so and so, If I should ever let it go. I've got the world on a string sittin on a rainbow, fot the string around my finger. What a world, what a  life I'm in love.
Rolf Harris, Harry Butler  - Sun Arise.xml
Sunarise she bring in the morning sunarise bring in the morning fluttering her skirts all around sun arise she come with the dawning sun arise come with the dawning spreading all the light all around round sunarise come with the dawning sunarise she come every day sun arisebring in the morning sun arise everyeveryevery every day she drive away the darkness ev e ry day drive away the darkness bring in back the warmth to the ground sunarise oh oh sunarise oh oh spreading all the light all around sunarise bring in the morning sunarise bring in the morning sunarise bring in the morning spreading all the light all around.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Temptation.xml
You came, I was alone, I should have known You were temtation. You smiled, Luring me on My heart was gone. You were temtation. It would be thrilling If you were willing If it can never be pity me. For you were Born to be kissed I can't resist, You are temptation and I am yours. Here is my heart, Take it and say We'll never part I'm just a slave, Only a slave to you Temptation. tation.
Judd Strunk - A Daisy A Day.xml
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Traditional - Deck the halls.xml
Deck the halls with boughs of holly, Fa la la la la, la la la la. 'Tis the season to be jolly, Fa la la la la la la la la. Don we now our gay apparel, Fa la la, la la la, la la la! Troll the ancient Yuletide carol, Fa la la la la, la la la la!
Bobby Goldsboro - Autumn Of My Life.xml
In the spring of my life she came to me, She brought sunshine where winter winds had blown; Then I took her for my wife in the spring of my life, And she brought me a joy I'd never known.
Mike Reid, Allen Shamblin - I Can't Make You Love me.xml
make you love me if you don't You can't make your heart feel some thing it won't Here in the dark in these final hours I will lay down my heart and I'll feel the power But you won't no, you won't 'Cause I can't make you love me if you don't.
Celestine Akins - Our Magic Night.xml
Are you an an gel You with the gold en hair I seem to see you In my dreams ev ry where Are you real ly real or are you a dream I'm dream ing Did I just touch your fing er tips and did you whis per kiss my lips Are we real ly danc ing And are you hold ing me tight You're so en tranc ing This is our mag ic night
Fred Rogers - What Do You Do?.xml
What do you do with the mad that you feel When you feel so mad you could bite? When the whole wide world seems oh, so wrong And nothing you do seems very right? What do you do? Do you punch a bag? Do you pound some clay or some dough? Do you round up friends for a game of tag? Or see how fast you go? It's great to be able to stop When you've planned a thing that's wrong, And be able to do something else instead And think this song: I can stop when I want to, Can stop when I wish, Can stop, stop, stop anytime And what a good feeling to feel like this, And know that the feeling is really mine. Know that there's something deep inside helps us become what we can, For a girl can be someday a woman And a boy can be someday a man.
Traditional - The Cruel War.xml
The cruel war is raging, Johnny has to fight. I want to be with him from morning til night. I want to be with him, it grieves my heart so. Won't you let me go with you? No, my love, no.
Traditional - Banks Of The Ohio.xml
I asked my love to take a walk to take a walk just a little walk down beside where the waters flow down by the banks of the Ohio and only say that you'll be mine in no oth ers arms entwine down beside where the waters flow (where the waters flow) down by the banks of the Ohio (the Ohio) I held a knife against his breast as into my arms he pressed cried my love dont you murder me I'm not prepared for eternity
Robert Schultz - Up On The Housetop.xml
Up on the housetop reindeer pause Out jumps good old Santa Claus; Down through the chimney with lots of toys, All for the good little girls and boys. Ho, ho, ho! Who wouldn't go? Ho, ho, ho! Who wouldn't go? Upon the houseto click, click, click down through the chimney with old Saint Nick.  First comes the stocking of little Nell, Oh, dear Santa fill it well. Give her a dolly that laughs and cries; one that will open and shut it's eyes. old Saint Nick.  Next comes the stocking of little Will, Oh, just see what a glorious fill. Here is a hammer and lots of tacks also a ball and a whip that cracks. Ho, ho, ho! Who wouldn't go? Ho, ho, ho! Who wouldn't go? Upon the houseto click, click, click down through the chimney with old Saint Nick.
Tradition Folk Song - Home On The Range.xml
Oh, give me a home, where the buffalo roam, where the deer and the antelope play. Where selcom is heard a discouraging word, and the skies are not cloudy all day. Home, home on the range, where the deer and the antelope play; Where seldom is heard a discouraging word, and the skies are not cloudy all day.
Benny Anderson, Bjorn Ulvaeus, Stig Anderson - Bang-A-Boomerang.xml
Makin somebody happy is a question of give and take you can learn how to show it so come on give yourself a break every smile and evry little touch don't you know that they mean so much sweet sweet kisses so tender always will return to sender like a bang aboome boomerang dum mi dumdum mi dum mi dum dum a band a boo meboomerang love is a you you hum my humhum by givin a way I think you'll learn you'll get love in return so bang aboomeboomerang is love and if you're warm and tender I'll kiss you return to sender please surrender bang aboo meboomerang Dummi dummi dum midumdum a band a boomeboomerang is love a boo meboomerang is love a boo
Bert Kaempfert, Milt Gabler - L-O-V-E.xml.1
L is for the way you look at me O is for the only one I see V is very, very extraordinary E is even more than anyone that you can adore Love is all that I can give to you Love is more than just a game for two Two in love can make it Take my heart and please don't break it Love was made for me and you
George Frederick Root, Goebel Reeves - Hobo's Lullaby.xml
Go to sleep you weary hobo, Let the town drift slowly by, Listen to the steel rails humming, Well, that's the hobo's lullaby
Harry Richman, Irving Kahal - Moonlight Savings Time.xml
There ought to be a moonlihgt saving time, So I could love that girl of mine, Until the birdies wake and chime, "Good morning." There ought to be a law in clover time, To keep that moon out ovvertime, To keep each lover's lane in rhyme, till dawning. You'd better hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, get busy today. You'd better croon a tune, croon a tune to the man up in the moon And here's what I'd say; "There ought to be a moonlight savings time So I could love that girl of mine, Until the birdies wake and chime, "Good morning." There ing.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Love Walked In.xml
Love walked right in and drove the shadows away love walked right in and brought my sunniest day. One magic moment and my heart seemed to know that love said "Hello," though not a word was spoken. One look and I forgot the gloom of the past one look and I had found my future at last. One look and I had found a world completely new, when Love walked in with you.
Alfred H. Ackley - He Lives.xml
I serve a risen Saviour, He's in the world to day. I know that He is living, whatever men may say. I see His hand of mercy, I hear his voice of cheer, And just the time I need Him, He's always near. He Lives! He Lives! Christ Jesus lives today. He walks with me, And talks with me along life's narrow way. He Lives! He Lives! Salvation to impart. You ask me how I know He lives? He lives within my heart.
Willie Nelson - Hello, Walls.xml
Hello walls, how'd things go for you today? don't you miss her since she up and walked away? and I'll bet you dread to spend anoth er lonely night with me but, lonely walls, I'll keep you company Hello window well, I see that you're still here aren't you lonely since our darling disappeared well, look here is that a teardrop in the corner of your pane? now don't you try to tell me that it's rain she went away and left us all alone the way she planned, guess we'll have to learn to get alongwithout her if we can Hello ceiling I'm gonna stare at you awhile, you know I can't sleep so won't you bear with me awhile? we must all pull together or else I'll lose my mind cause I've got a feeling she'll be gone a long long time.
Burton Lane, AlanJay Lerner - What did I have that I dont have?  .xml
What did I have that I don't have? What di he like that I lost track of? What did I do that I don't do the way I did before? What isn't there that once was there? What have I got a great big lack of? Something in me then, he could see then Beckons to him no more I'm just a victim of time, Obsolete in my prime! out of date and outclassed by my past. What did he love that there's none of? What did I lose the sweet knack of? Wouldn't I be the late great me if I knew how? Oh! What did I have I don't have now?
Frank and Dorothy Daniels - My Heart Belongs To Only You.xml
My  heart  belongs  to  only  you. I've  never  loved  as  I  love  you. You've  set a  flame  within  me  burning, a  flame  to  stay  within  me  yearning. It's  just  for  you  I  want  to  live. It's  just  to  you,  my  heart  I  give. I'll  always  be  your  slave,  my  darling through  the  coming  years. There  were  some times  when  I  was  doubtful of  this  new  love  affair but  now,  my  mind  is  no  more  doubtful, I've  found  my  heaven  with  the  help  of  a  prayer. You  are  the  song  within  my  soul, a  melody  that  can't  grow  old. I've  known  for  long my  heart  belongs  to  only  you. You  are  the  song  within  my  soul, a  melody  that  can't  grow  old. I've  known  for  long my  heart  belongs  to  only  you.
Aaron - U-Turn (Lili).xml
Lili, take another walk out of your fake world please put all the drugs out of your hand You'll see that you can breath without no backup so much stuff you got to understand For ev'ry step in any walk any town of any thought I'll be your guide for ev'ry street of any scene any place you've never been I'll be your guide Lili, you know there's still a place for people like us the same blood runs in ev'ry hand you see it's not the wings that make the angel just have to move the bats out of your head For ev'ry step in any walk any town of any thought I'll be your guide for ev'ry street of any scene any place you've never been I'll be your guide Lili, easy as a kiss we'll find a answer put all your fears back in the shade Oh don't become a ghost without no colour cause you're the best paint life ever made For ev'ry step in any walk any town of any thought I'll be your guide for ev'ry street of any scene any place you've never been I'll be your guide
James Taylor - Steamroller Blues (Transcribed).xml
I'm a steamroller baby, I'm 'bout to roll all over you. I'm a steamroller baby, I'm 'bout to roll all over you. I'm gonna inject your soul with some sweet rock and roll and shoot you full of rhythm and blues. I'm a napalm bomb guaranteed to blow your mind. I'm a napalm bomb guaranteed to blow your mind. If I can't have your love now baby, there won't be nothing left behind. I'm a steamroller baby, I'm 'bout to roll all over you. I'm a steamroller baby, I'm 'bout to roll all over you. I'm gonna inject your soul with some sweet rock and roll and shoot you full of rhythm and blues. I'm a napalm bomb guaranteed to blow your mind. I'm a napalm bomb guaranteed to blow your mind. If I can't have your love now baby, there won't be nothing left behind.
Harry Akst - Dinah.xml
Dinah is there anyone finer? In the state of Carolina ? If there is and you know her show her to me. Dinah with her Dixie eyes blazing how I love to sit agazing into the eyes of Dinah Lee Every night why do I shake with fright? because my Dinah might change her mind about me Dinah even if she went to China I would hop an ocean liner just to be with Dinah Lee
Albert Hague, Arnold B. Horwitt - Young And Foolish.xml
Young and foolsish, why is it wrong to be young and foolish? We haven't long to be. Soon enough the carefree days, the sunlit days go by. Soon enough the bluebird has to fly. We were foolish, one day we fell in love. Now we wonder what we were dreaming of? Smiling in the sunlight, laughing in the rain, I wish that we were young and foolish again! gain!
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - Shadow Waltz.xml
In the shadows let me come and sing to you Let me dream a song that I can bring to you Take me in your arms and let me cling to you let me linger long let me live my song In the winter let me bring the spring to you let me feel that I mean ev'rything to you Loves old song will be new In the shadows when I come and sing to you.
Ernest Ball, J. Keirn Brennan - A Little Bit Of Heaven.xml
Have you ever heard the story of how Ireland got its name? I'lltell you so you'll understand from whence old Ireland came. No wonder that we're proud of that dear land across the sea, For here's the way me dear old mother told the tale to me. Shure, a little bit of heaven fell from out the sky one day, And nestled on the ocean in a spot so far away, And when the angels found it, Shure it looked so sweet and fair, They said, Suppose we leave it, For it looks so peaceful there! So they sprinkled it with star dust just to make the shamrocks grow; 'Tis the only place you'll find them, No matter where you go; Then they dotted it with silver to make its lakes so grand, And when they had it finished shure they called it Ireland. 'Tis a dear old land of fairies and of wondrous wishing wells; And nowhere else on God's green earth have they such lakes and dells. No wonder that the Angels loved its Shamrock bordered shore, 'Tis a little bit of heaven, and I love it more and more;
Paul Barbarin - Bourbon Street Parade.xml
Let's fly down, or drive down, to New Orleans. That city, it's pretty, historic scenes.. I'll take you, parade you, down on Bourbon Street! We'll hit all the hot spots, You'll meet all the big shots, down on Bourbon Street! Street!
Lyrics by Dorothy Fields, Music by Jerome Kern - The Way You Look Tonight.xml
Some day when I'm awf'ly low, when the world is cold, I will feel a glow just thinking of you and The Way You Look Tonight. Oh, but you're lovely with your smile so warm and your cheek so soft; there is nothing for me but to love you, just The Way You Look Tonight. With each word your tenderness grows, tearing my fear apart, and that langh that wrinkles your nose touches my foolish heart. Lovely, never, never change, keep that breathless charm, won't you please arrange it. 'Cause I love you, just The Way You Look Tonight. Mm mm mm, mm, just The way You look Tonight.
Matt Dennis, Earl Brent - Angel Eyes.xml
Try to think that love's not around Still it's uncomfort'bly near. My old heart ain't gainin not ground because my Angel eyes ain't here. Angel eyes that old devil sent, They glow unbearably bright. Need I say that my love's misspent, misspent with Angel Eyes tonight. So drink up all you people, order any thing you see. Have fun you happy people. The drink and the laugh's on me. Pardon me but I gotta run, The facts uncommonly clear. Gotta find who's now "number one" and why my Angel Eyes ain't here. 'scuse me while I disappear.
Roger Waters - Another brick in the wall, part II.xml
We don't need no education We don't need no thoughts control No dark sarcasms in the classroom Teacher, leave them kids alone. Hey, teacher leave them kids alone! All in all it's just another brick in the wall. All and all, it's just another brick in the wall.
Patsy Riggir - Dear God.xml
I go to church on a Sunday the vows that I make I break them on a Monday the rest of the week I do as I please then come Sunday morning I pray on my knees Dear God I know I'm not worthy but I need you so and please wont you hurry and help me turn back from the path I have trod you'll never be sorry dear God.
David Billington 1992 - Awesome In This Place.xml
As I Come in to your pres ence past the gates of praise in to your sanc tu ar y till we're stand ing face to face. I look up on your cou ten ence I see the full ness of you grace. and I can on ly bow down and say you are awe some in this place Migh y God. You are awe some in this place Ab ba Fa ther You are wor thy of all praise to You our lives we raise You are awe some in this place Might y God As I God.
Carole King - You've Got a Friend.xml
When you're down and troubled and you need some loving care and nothing, nothing is going right Close your eyes and think of me and soon I will be there to brighten up even your darkest night You just call out my name and you know wherever I am I'll come running to see you again Win-ter, spring, summer fall all you have to do is call and I'll be there you've got a friend If the sky above you grows dark and full of clouds and that old north wind begins to blow Keep your head together and call my name out loud Soon you'll hear me knocking at your door Ain't it good to know that you've got friend when people can be so cold hurt you yes, and desert you and take your soul if you let them Oh, but don't you let them You just call
Bob Merrill - Pittsburgh,Pennsylvania.xml
There's a pawnshop on a corner in Pitts burgh, Pennsylvania, and I walk up and down 'neath the clock, by the pawnshop on a corner in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, but I ain't got a thing left to hock. She was peaches, she was honey and cost me all my money 'cause a whirl 'round the town was her dream. Took her dancin', took her dinin' till her blue eyes were shinin' with the sights that they never had If you should run into a golden haired angel and ask her tonight for a date, she'll tell you somewhere there's a rich millionaire who is calling again about eight. There's a pawnshop on a corner in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and I've just got to get five or ten from the pawnshop on a corner in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, gotta be with my angel a
Dallas Frazier - Alley Oop.xml
Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop. Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop.  There's a guy in the funny papers we all know; Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop. He lived way back a long time ago; Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop. He don't eat nothin' but a bear cat stew; Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop. Well, this cat's name is, uh, Alley Oop Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop. He got a  chauffeur that's a genuwine dinasawr Oop Oop And he can knuckle your head before you count to four. Oop Oop He got a big ugly club and a head full of hair Oop Oop Like great big lions and grizzly bear. Oop Oop Oop. He's the toughest man there is alive. Wears clothes from a wild cat hide. He's the king of the jungle jive. Look at that caveman go! scream He  rides through the jungle tearin' limbs off of trees; Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop. And knockin' great big monsters dead on their knees. Alley Oop Oop Oop Oop Oop. He's the toughest man there is alive. Wears clothes from a wild cat hide. He's the king of the jungle jive. Look at that caveman go! scream Look at that caveman go He sure is hep, ain't he? Ride, daddy ride. Ride your dinasawer. Like hipsville.
Geoff Stephens & Tony Macauley - You Won't Find Another Fool Like Me.xml
You won't find another fool like me babe You know you won't who'd sit around all night and wait for you And close their eyes to oh so many lies No one else could love you like I do I wanna tell you you won't find another clown like me babe No. you won't I can't count the times you said you'd leave; You know dam well you're fooling cos where ever you may go, you won't find another fool like me. Sometimes I can't understand what makes me the fool that I am, Then you touch my hands and suddenly I know Even though you treat me like you do, babe you know you do I'm so hooked on you I can't get free Oh but I'll get through the bad times "cos in my heart I know That you won't find another fool like me La la la la la la la la la la you know you won't La la la la la la la la la Give me just a sign you may need me sometime I fall for that old game you always play, boy Me no oh you'll never find another fool like me.
Lee Hays, Pete Seeger, Lee Hay - If I Had A Hammer.xml
If I had a ham,mer I'd hammer in the morning I'd hammer in the evening all over this land I'd hammer out dan ger I'd hammer out a warning I'd hammer out love between my brothers and my sisters all over this If I had a bell I'd ring it in the morning I'd ring it in the evening all over this land I'd ring out dan ger I'd ring out a warn ing I'd ring out
Vince Guaraldi, Carel Werver - Cast Your Fate To The Wind.xml
A month of nights, a year of days, Octobers drifting into Mays. You set your sail when the tide comes in and you just cast your fate to the wind. You shift your course along the breeze, won't sail upwind on memories. The empty sky is your best friend and you just cast your fate to the wind. That time has such a way of changing a man throughout the years. And now you're rearranging your life thru all your tears a lone alone There never was, there couldn't be a place in time for men to be, who'd drink the dark and laugh at day and let their wildest dreams blow away. So now you're old, you're wise and smart, You're just a man with half a heart. You wonder how it might have been had you not cast you fate to the wind.
Harry Revel, Mack Gordon - Did You Ever See A Dream Walking?.xml
Did you ever see a dream walking? Well I did! Did you ever hear a dream talking? Well I did! Did you ever have a dream thrill you with "Will you be mine?" Oh, it's so grand and it's too, too divine. Did you ever see a dream dancing? Well I did! Did you ever see a dream romancing? Well I did! Did you ever find Heaven rignt in your arms, Saying I love you, I do. Well the dream that was walkin' and the dream that was talkin' And the Heaven in my arms was you. Did you Heaven in my arms was you.
Harry Revel, Mack Gordon - Stay As Sweet As You Are.xml.1
Stay as sweet as you are, don't let a thing ever change you. Stay as sweet as you are, don't let a soul rearange you. Don't ever lose all the charm you possess, your lovliness, darling, the way you say "yes" Stay as sweet as you are, discreet as you are you're divine, Dear. Stay as grand as you are, and as you are, tell me that you're mine, Dear. Young and gay or old and gray, near to me or afar; night and day I pray, that you'll always stay as sweet as you are.
Bobby Braddock, Curly Putman - He Stopped Loving Her Today.xml
He said, "I'll love you 'til I die." She told him, "You'll forget in time." As the years went slowly by, She still preyed upon his mind. He kept her picture on his wall Went halfcrazy now and then; But he still loved her through it all, Kept hoping she'd come back again.  He kept some letters by his bed, dated nineteen sixty two. He had underlined in red Every single "I love you." I went to see him just today, But I didn't see no tears; All dressed up to go away; First time I'd seen him smile in years. He stopped loving her today; They placed a wreath upon his door And soon they'll carry him away He stopped loving her today.  She came to see him one last time We all wondered if she would, And it kept running through my mind, "This time he's over her for good.
Tom Snow and Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil - Don't Know Much (Transcribed).xml
Look at this face I know the years are showing. Look at this life, I still don't know where it's going. I don't know much but I know I love you and that may be all I need to know. Look at these eyes They never see what matters. Look at these dreams, so big and so better. I don't know much but I know I love you and that may be all I need to know. So manny questions still left unanswered, So much I've never broken through. And when I feel you near me\ sometimes I see so clearly, the only truth I've ever known is me and you. Look at this man, so blessed with inspiration. Look at his soul still searching for salvation. I don't know much but I know I love you and that may be all I need to know. I don't know much but I know I love you and that may be all I need to know.
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - I Talk To The Trees.xml
I talk to the trees but they don't listen to me I talk to the stars but they never hear me the breeze hasn't time to stop and hear what I say I talk to them all in vain but suddenly my words reach someone else's ear touch someone else's heart strings too I tell you my dreams and while you're list'ning to me I suddenly see them come true
Stephen Sondheim - Send In The Clowns.xml
Isn't it rich? we a pair? Me here at last on the ground, you in midair. Send In The Clowns. Isn't it bliss? you approve? One who keeps tearing around, one who can't move. Where are the clowns Send In The Clowns. Just when I'd stopped opening doors, Finally knowing the one that I wanted was yours, Making my entrance again with my usual flair, Sure of my lines, No one is there. Don't you love farce? My fault, I fear. I thought that you'd want what I want. Sorry, my dear. But where are the clowns Quick Send In The Clowns. Don't bother, they're here Isn't it rich, Isn't it queer, Losing my timing this late in my career? And where are the clowns There ought to be clowns. Well, maybe next year
Sir. Arthur Sullivan, W. S. Gilbert - Oh! Better Far To Live And Die.xml
Oh better far to live and dieUnder brave blackflag I fly Than play a sanctmonious part with a pirate head and a pirate heart A way to the cheating world go you wherepirates all are well to do But I'll be true to the song I sing And live and die a pirate king For I am a pirate king and it is it is a glorious thing to be a pirate king For I am a pirate king (You are Hurrah for our piate king) And it is it is a glorious thing to be a pirate king (It is Hurrah for our pirate king Hurrah for the pirate king
Jack Richards, Richard Mullan - He.xml
He can turn the tides and calm the angry sea. He alone decides who writes a symphony. He lights ev'ry star that makes our darkness bright. He keeps watch all thru each long and lonely night. He still finds the time to hear a childs first pray'r. Saint or sinner call and always find him there. Though it makes Him sad to see the way we live, He'll always say I forgive. He can grant a wish or make a dream come true. He can paint the clouds and turn the gray to blue. He alone knows where to find the rainbow's end. He alone can see what lies beyond the bend. He can touch a tree and turn the leaves to gold. He knows evry lie that you and I have told. Though it makes Him sad to see the way we live. He'll always say I forgive. I forgive.
Jerry Chesnut - Four In The Morning.xml
Its four in the morning and once more the dawning just woke up the wanting in me wishing I'd never met her knowing if I'd forget her how much better off she would be The longer I hold on and the longer this goes on the harder that it's gonna be But its four in the morning and once more the dawning just woke up the wanting in me I never deserved her God knows when I hurt her thats last thing that I want to do she tries but she can't tell how she feels, but I know too well what she's goin'through If I love her so much I don't know why I can't do the right thing and just let her be me
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - A Hard Day's Night.xml.1
It's been a hard day's night and I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the things that you do Will make me feel alright. You know I work all day to get you money to buy you things And it's worth it just to hear you say You're gonna give me ev'rything So why I love to come home 'Cause when I get you alone You know I Feel Okay When I'm home Ev'rything seems to be alright When I'm home feeling you holding me tight tight Yeah It's been a hard day's night and I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the things that you do will make me feel alright So why I love to come home 'cause when I get you alone You know I feel okay When I'm home Ev'rything seems to be alright When I'm home feeling you holding me tight tight Yeah It's been a You know I feel alright you know I feel alright
Gary Daniel Bruce - Moody River.xml
Moody River more deadly than the vainest knife. Moody River your muddy water took my baby's life. Last saturday evenin' came to the old oak tree. It stands beside the river where you were to meet me. On the ground your glove I found with a note addressed to me. It read "Dear Love, I've done you wrong. Now I must set you free". "No longer can I live with this hurt and this sin. I just couldn't tell you that guy was just a friend". Moody River more deadly than the vainest knife, Moody River your muddy water took my baby's life. I looked into the muddy waters and what could I see? I saw a lonely, lonely face just lookin' back at me. Tears in his eyes and a prayer on his lips and the glove of his lost love at his finger tips. Moody River more deadly than the vainest knife. Moody River your muddy waters took my baby's life.
Jeri Sullavan & Paul Baron, Morey Amsterdam - Rum And Coca Cola.xml
If you ever go to Trinidad, they make you feel so very glad, calypso sing and make up rhyme, guarantee you one good real fine time. Drinkin' Rum and Coca Colago down Point Koomahnah, both mother and daughter workin' for the Yankee dollar.
Warren D. Cornell & W. George Cooper 1889 - Wonderful Peace.xml
far a way in the depths of my spir it to night rolls a mel o dy sweet er than psalms in ce les tial like strains it un ceas ing ly falls O're my soul like an in fin ite calm Peace Peace won der ful peace com ing down from the Fa ther a bove sw eep o ver my spir it for ev er I pray In fath om less bil lows of love.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - I Know Why (and so do you).xml
Why do robins sing in December, Long before the Springtime is due? And even though it's snowing violets are growing I know why and so do you. Why do breezes sigh ev'ry ev'ning whispering your name as they do? And why have I the feeling srars are on my ceiling? I know why and so do you. When you smile at me I hear gypsy violins, When you dance with me, I'm in heaven when the music begins. I can see the sun when it's raining, hiding ev'ry cloud from my wiew, And why do I see rainbows when you're in my arms? I know why and so do you.
Irving Berlin - When I Lost You.xml.1
I lost the sunshine and roses, I lost the heavens of blue. I lost the beauti ful rainbow, I lost the morning dew. I lost the angel who gave me summer the whole winter thru I lost the gladness that turned into sadness when I lost you. you.
Clara Edwards, Jack Lawrence - With The Wind And The Rain In Your Hair.xml
Last night we met and I dream of you yet with the wind and the rain in your hair. I held you tight as you whispered "Goodnight" with the wind and the rain in your hair. Now it will be my fav'rite memory, that vision of you standing there. There in the mist how you sighed when we kissed with the wind and the rain in your hair. hair.
Michael Buble - Everything.xml
You're a falling star you're the getaway car you're the line in the sand when i go to far you're the swimming pool on an august day and you're the perfect thing to say and you play it tough but it's kinda cute oh, when you smile at me you know exactly what you do baby don't pretend that you don't know it's true cause you can see it when i look at you and in this crazy life and through these crazy times it's you it's you you make me swing you're ev'ry line you're ev'ry word you're everything You're a carousel you're a wishing well and you line me up when you ring my bell you're a mystery you're from outer space you're ev'ry minute of my ev'ry day and i can't believe oh that i'm your man and i get to kiss you baby just because i can whatever comes our way ah we'll see it through and you know that's what our love can do. and in this crazy life and through these crazy times it's you it's you you make me swing you're ev'ry line you're ev'ry word you're everything So la la la la la la la so la la la la la la la and in this Crazy life and through these crazy times it's you it's you you make me swing you're ev'ry line you're ev'ry word You're ev'ry thing you're ev'ry song and i sing along 'cause you're my ev'rything yeah yeah la la la la la la la so la la la la la la la la la
Charles Trenet, Albert Beach - I Wish You Love.xml.1
Goodbye, no use leading with our chins, This is where our story ends, never lovers, ever friends. Goodbye, let our hearts call it a day, But before you walk away, I sincerely want to say. I wish you bluebirds in the spring to give your heart a song to sing; and then a kiss, but more than this I wish you love. And in July ly a lemonaide to cool you in some leafy glade; I wish you health and more than wealth I wish you love. My breaking heart and I agree that you nand I could never be so with my best, my ver y best, I set you free. I wish you shelter from a storm, a cozy fire to keep you warm, But most of all, when snowflakes fall, I Wish You Love. I wish you fall I wish you love.
Meredith Willson - Till There Was You.xml
There were bells on the hill. but I never heard them ringing No, I never heard them at all till there was you There were birds in the sky but I never saw them winging, No I never saw them at all till there was you. and there was music and there were wonferful roses they tell me in sweet fragrant meaddows of dawns, and dew, There was love all around but I never heard it singing No I never heard it at all till there was you
Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield - Frankie.xml
Ah Ah 'Though you found a new love, I still miss you so. I just cant forget you, but you'llnever know. Frankie my darling, I'll never let you see me cry. Once, I was your sweetheart, now I'm just a friend. Once, you really loved me, now I just pretend Frankie my darling, I'll never let you see me cry. Oh Frankie, I'd rather hide these teardrops, deep down inside, I'm crying, but you'll never see, I'd rather cry than have you pity me. 'Though my nights are lonely since we've been apart, I'll always keep this secret deep within my heart. Frankie my darling, I'll never let you see me cry.
Miguel Prado, S. K. Russell - Time Was.xml
Time was when we had fun on the schoolyard swings; when we exchanged graduation rings one lovely yesterday. Time was when we wrote love letters in the sand, or lingered over our coffee and, dreaming the time away. Picnics and hayrides and midwinter sleighrides and never apart. Hikes in the country and there's more than one tree on which I've a place in your heart. Darling, ev'ry tomorrow will be complete, If all our moments are half as sweet as all our time was then. then.
Horace Silver - Doodlin' .xml
Usin' the phone booth, Makin a few calls Doodlin' weird things, Usin' the booth walls. Got me a big date, Waitin' for my chick, Puttin' her face on, So she could look slick I enjoy procrasstinating, 'Cause I'm busy while I'm waitin', doodlin away, doodlin' away. Sitin' and dinin', Dinner beginin' Started designin', Usin' the linen. Talkin' to my date, Doodlin' my bit, Waiter got salty, Told me to please quit. Told the waiter "Don't be dizzy, Can't you see I'm very busy, Doodlin' away, Doodlin' away. "Do you doodle all day?" Asked the waiter in his way. "Do you dooddle all night?". Told the waiter he was right, In your doodlin way, Thats the way I'm gonna stay, Are you thinkin' things right? Doodlin sheds a lot of light. Don't know what I can do. Ain't nothin' you can do. Doodlin's all I want to do We sure like it that way.
William J & Gloria Gaither 1975 - This Is The Time I Must Sing.xml
I have tast ed the free dom I can go where He's lead ing for shack les can hold me no more I have learned of life's es sence and I stand in His pres ence and sing with my heart He is Lord Keep si lent ye moun tains ye fields and ye foun tains for this is the time I must sing It's the time to sing prais es to the Rock of the Ag es and this is the time I must sing There are days filled with sor row and plans for to mor row but this is the time I must sing and I know there's a rea son why in His own sea son God gives me a song I can sing Keep si lent ye moun tains ye fields and he foun tains for this is the time I must sing It's the time to sing prais es to the Rock of the Ag es and this is the time I must sing
Gino Mescoli, Vito Pallavicini - My Love, Forgive Me.xml
My love forgive me I didn't mean for it to end like this, I didn't mean to have you fall in love, in love with me. My love, please kiss me, arrivedercia mo re kiss me. remember when we part, you'll have my heart, I love you so! It was just a slight flirtation, that was all it was to be. How could I know this fascination, would turn to love for you and me. How to tell you of my heartache? How to tell you I'm not free? How can I bear to see your heart break? To see your hear break over me. Amore scusami se sto piangendo a more scusami ma ho capito che lasciendoti io sofriro. Amore baciami arrivederciamore ba ciame e se mi penserai ricordati che amo te. I love you so! I love you so!
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - I Cain't Say No.xml
It ain't so much a question of not knowin' whut to do, I knowed whut's right and wrong since I been ten. I heared a lot of stories and I reckon they are trueA 'bout how girls 're put upon by men I know I mus n't fall into the pit, But when I'm with a feller, I fergit! I.m jist a girl who cain't say no, I'm in a turrible fix. I always say "come on le's go," Jist when I orta say nix!" When a person tries to kiss a girl, I know she orta give his face a smack, But as soon as someone kisses me, I somehow sorta wanta kiss him back! I'm jist a fool when lights are low, I cain't be prissy and quaint I ain't the type that c'n faint How c'n I be whut I ain't? I cain't say no!
Charles Chaplin 1966 - This Is My Song.xml.1
why is my heart so light why are the stars so bright? why is the sky so blue since the hour I met you A lone I sing in moon light with you in my heart su preme to hear you say I love you that is my hope my dream Love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you The world can not be wrong if in this world there's you I care not what this world may say with out your love there is no day love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you flow ers are smil ing bright smil ing for our de light smil ing so ten der ly for the world you and me I know why the world is smil ing smil ing so ten der ly it hears the same old sto ry through out e ter ni ty Love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you The world can not be wrong if in this world there's you I care not what this world may say with out your love there is no day love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you
Cole Porter - Miss Otis Regrets.xml
Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today Madam Miss Otis regrets sh'e unable to lunch today She is sorry to be delayed but last ev'ning down in Lover's Lane she strayed Madam Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today. When she woke up and found that her dream of love was gone Madam she ran to the man who had led her so far astray and from under her velvet gown she drew a gun and shot her lover down Madam Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today When the mob came and got her and dragged her from the jail Madam they strung her upon the old willow across the way and the moment before she died she lifted up her lovely head and cried Madam Miss Otis regrets she's unable to lunch today.
Will Grosz, Jimmy Kennedy - Poor Little Angeline.xml
She was sweet sixteen little Angeline Always dancing on the village green as the boys pass'd by you could hear them cry poor little Angeline oh her eyes were brown and her hair hung down laddered stockings and an old blue gown but she dream'd we're told of a lover bold poor little Angeline then one day her prince came ariding and he stopp'd right by her side very soon she heard him confiding I want to make you my bride what a pretty scene on the village green when the prince was wed to Angeline now as his princess she's a great success poor little Angeline.
Ray Henderson, Joe Young, Sam M. Lewis - I'm Sitting On Top Of The World.xml
I'm sitting on top of the world just roll ing along just rolling along I'm quitting the blues of the world just singin a song just singing a song glory hal le lu jah I just phoned the parson Hey Pa get read y to call Just like Humpty Dumpty I'm going to fall I'm sitting on top of the world
Whyte , Morrissey  - BOXERS.xml
Los ing in front of your home crowd You wish the ground would op en up and take you down Will time ev er pass Will time nev er pass for Your wea ry wife is walk ing aw ay your neph ew is true he still thinks the world of you and I have to close my eyes
Ida Emerson, Joseph. E. Howard - Hello My Baby.xml
Hello, my baby, Hello, my darling, Hello, my ragtime gal. Send me a kiss by wire. Baby my heart's on fire! If you refuse me, honey you'll loose me, then you'll be left alone. So, baby, telephone and tell me I'm your own.
Sammy Mysels, Dick Robertson - We Three.xml
We three we're all alone, living in a memory, my echo my shadow and me. We three we're not a crowd, We're not even company, My echo my shadow, and me. What good is the moonlight the silvery moonlight, that shines above? I walk with my shadow, I walk with my echo But where is the one I love? We three we'll wait for you, Even till eternity, My echo, my shadow and me.
Wayne Perrin & Kathy Perrin 1981 - When I Look Into Your Holiness.xml
when I look in to Your ho li ness, when I gaze in to your love li ness when all things that sur round be come shad dows in the light of you when I've found the joy of reach in Your heart when my will be comes en thralled in Your love, when all things that sur round be come shad dows in the light of You I wor ship you I wor ship you the rea son I live is to wor ship you I wor ship you I wor ship you the rea son I live is to wor ship you when I look in to Your ho li ness, when I gaze in to your love li ness when all things that sur round be come shad dows in the light of you when I've found the joy of reach in Your heart when my will be comes en thralled in Your love, when all things that sur round be come shad dows in the light of You I wor ship you I wor ship you the rea son I live is to wor ship you I wor ship you I wor ship you the rea son I live is to wor ship you
Johnny Marks - A Holly Jolly Christmas.xml
Have a jolly jolly Christmas, it's the best time of the year. I don't know if there'll be snow but have a cup of cheer. Have a holly jolly Christmas, adn when you walk down the street, Say hello to friends you know and ev'ryone you meet. Oh, ho, the mistletoe hung where you can see. Somebody waits for you, kiss her once for me. Have a holly jolly Christmas, and in case you didn't hear Oh, by golly, have a holly jolly Christmas this year. Have a Christmas this year.
John Lennon & Paul MacCartney - When I'm Sixty Four.xml
When I get older losing my hair many years from now, will you still be sending me a valentine, birthday greetings, bottle of wine? If I'd been out till quarter to three, would you lock the door? Will you still need me, will you still feed me, when I'm sixty four? TacetYou'llbeolder too. And if you say the word, I could stay with you. Send me a postcard drop me a line stating point of view. Indicate precisely what you mean to say, Yours sincerely wasting away. Give me your answer, fill in a form, mine for ever more. Will you still need me, will you still feed me, When I'm Sixty Four?
Harlan Howard - Heartaches By The Number.xml
Heartache number one was when you left me I never knew that I could hurt this way and heartache number two was when you came back again you came back and never meant to stay now I've got heartaches by the number troubles by the score evry day you love me less each day I love you more yes I've got heartaches by the number a love that I cant win but the day that I stop counting thats the day my world will end. end.
Gordon Lightfoot - Ribbon of Darkness.xml
Ribbon of darkness over me____ Since my true love walked out the door, ____ Tears I never had before, ___ Ribbon of darkness over me.  ____ (to Refrain 2)  Clouds a gath'rin' o'er my head ____ That kill the day and hide the sun, _____ That shroud the night is done, __	 Ribbon of darkness over  Rain is falling on the meadow_______ Where once my love and I did lie, _____ Now she is gone from the meadow, _____ My love, good bye. (to Refrain 4)
Morgan Lewis, Nancy Hamilton - How High the Moon.xml
Somewhere there's music, how faint the tune! Somewhere there's heaven, how high the moon! There is no moon above when love is faraway too, 'till it comes true that you love me as I love you. Somewhere there's music, it's where you are. Somewhere there's heaven, how near, how far! The darkest night would shine if you would come to me soon. Until you will, how still my heart, how high the moon! Somewhere there's
Hank Williams - Hey Good Lookin'.xml
Hey hey good lookin what cha got cookin how's about cookin' somethin' up with me hey sweet baby dont you think maybe we could find us a brand new recipe I got a hot rod Ford and a two dollar bill and I know a spot right over the hill there's soda pop and the dancin's free so if you wanna have fun come along with me hey, good lookin what cha got cookin how's about cookin somethin up with me I'm free and ready so we can go steady how's about savin all your time for me No more lookin I know I've been tooken how's about keepin steady company I'm gonna throw my date book over the fence and find me one for five or ten cents I'll keep it till its covered with age cause I'm writin your name down on evry page hey good lookin what cha got cookin how's about cookin somethin' up with
Nino Rota, Larry Kusik - Speak Softly Love.xml
Speak softly love, and hold me warm against your heart. I feel your words, the tender, trembling moments start. We're in a world our very own, sharing a love that only few have ever known. Wine colored days warmed by the sun, deep velvet nights when we are one. Speak softly love, so no one hears us but the sky. The vows of love we make will live until we die. My life is yours and all because you came into my world with love so softly love. Speak softly love.
Conway Twitty, Jack Nance - It's Only Make Believe.xml
Peoplesee us evry where they think you really care but myself I cant deceive I know its only make believe My one and only prayer is that someday you'll care my hopes my deams come true my one and only you no one will ever know how much I love you so my only prayer will be someday you'll care for me but its only make be lieve My hopes my dreams come true my life I'd give for you my heart a wedding ring my all my every thing my heart I cant control you rule my very soul my plans my hopes my schemes you are my evry dream but its only make be lieve.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Do You Want To Know A Secret.xml
You'll never know how much I really love you You'll never know how much I really care Listen do you want to know a secret do you promise not to tell Whoacloser let me whisper in your ear say the words I love to hear I'm in love with you oo I've known the secret for a week or two Nobody knows just we two closer let me whisper in your ear Say the words I love to hear I'm in love with youoo
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - The Lady Is A Tramp.xml
She gets too hungry for dinner at eight, She likes the theatre but never comes late, She never bothers with people she hates, Thats why the lady is a tramp.  She likes the free fresh wind in her hair, Life without care, She's broke, It's oke! Hates California, It's cold, and it's damp That's why the lady is a tramp.
Irving Berlin - The Song Is Ended.xml
The song is ended but the melody lingers on. You and the song are gone, but the melody lingers on. The night was splendid and the melody seemed to say, "Summer will pass away; take your happiness while you may." There 'neath the light of the moon we sang a love song that ended too soon. The moon descended and I found with the break of dawn, you and the song had gone. But the melody lingered on. The
Morris Albert - Feelings.xml
Feelings nothing more than feelings trying to forget my feelings of love Teardrops rolling down on my face trying to forget my feelings of love
Bernie Wayne, Lee Morris - Blue Velvet.xml
She wore blue velvet, Bluer than vellvet was the night, Softer than satin was the light from the stars. She wore Blue Velvet bluerthan velvet were her eyes, Warmer than May her tender sighs, love was ours. Ours a love I held tightly, Feeling the rapture grow, Like a flame burning brightly, But when she left, gone was the glow of Blue Velvet But in my heart there'll always be, precious and warm, a memory through the years And I still can see Blue Vel vet through my tears. She wore tears.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - A House Is Not A Home.xml
A chair is still a chair even when there's no one sitting there; But a chair is not a house, and a house is not a home when there's no one there to hold you tight, and no one there you can kiss goodnight. A room is still a room even when there's nothing there but gloom; But a room is not a house, and a house is not a home when the two of us are far apart and one of us has a broken heart. Now and then I call your name and suddenly your face appears; But it's just a crazy game when it ends it ends in tears. Darling, have a heart, don't let one mistake keep us apart. I'm not meant to live alone. Turn this house into a home. When I climb the stair and turn the key, Oh, please be there still in love with me. A me.
Cyril Ornadel, Leslie Bricusse - If I Ruled The World.xml
If I ruled the world ev'ry day would be the first day of spring, Ev'ry heart would have a new song to sing And we'd sing of the joy ev'ry morning would bring. If I ruled the world ev'ry man would be as free as a bird, Ev'ry voice would be a voice to be heard. Take my word we would treasure each day that ocMy world would be a beautiful place where we would weave such wonderful dreams. My world would wear a smile on it's face Like the man in the moon has when the moon beams. If I ruled the world ev'ry man would say the world was his friend, There'd be happiness that no man could end, No, my friend, not if I ruled the world. Ev'ry head would be held up high, There'd be sunshine in ev'ryone's sky If the day ever dawned when I ruled the world.
Manning Sherwin, Eric Maschwitz - A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square (with verse).xml
When true lovers meet in Mayfair, so the legends tell, Song birds sing, Winter turns to spring. Ev'ry winding street in Mayfair falls beneath the spell. I know such enchantment can be, 'Cause it happened one ev'ning to me. That certain night, The night we met, There was magic abroad in the air. There were angels dining at the Ritz, and a NIGHTINGALE SANG IN BERK'LEY SQUARE. I may be right, I may be wrong, but I'm perfectly willing to swear, That when you turn'd and smiled at me, ANIGHTINGALE SANG IN BERK'LEY SQUARE. The moon that lingered over London town, Poor puzzled moon, he wore a frown, How could he know we two were so in love The whole darn world seemed upside down. The streets of town were paved with stars it was sucha romantic affair and as we kiss'd and said "goodnight" a NIGHTINGALE SANG In BERK'LEY SQUARE. How strange it was, How sweet and strange, There was never a dream to compare With that hazy, crazy night we met, when A This heart of mine beat loud and fast, like a merrygoround in a fair For we were dancing cheek to cheek andA When dawn came stealing up all gold and blue To interrupt our rendezvous, I still remember how you smiled and said "Was that a dream or was it true?" Our homeward step was just as light As the tapdancing feet of Astaire and like an echo far away A SQUARE. I know 'cause I was there, That night in Berk'ley SQUARE
Harvey Schmidt, Tom Jones - Soon It's Gonna Rain.xml
Soon it's gonna rain, I can see it. Soon it's gon na rain, I can tell. Soon it's gonna rain what are we gonna do? Soon it's gonna rain I can feel it. Soon it's gonna rain, I can tell. Soon it's gonna rain, what'll we do with you? We'll find four limbs of a tree. We'll build  four walls and a floor. We'' bind it over with leaves, then duck inside and stay. Then we'll let it rain, We'll not feel it. Then we'll let it rain, rain pell mell. And we'll not complain if it never stops at all. We'll live and love within our own four walls
Johnny Burke, Keene-Bean & Frankie Masters - Scatter-Brain.xml
You're as pleasant as the morning and refreshing as the rain. Isn't it a pity that you're such a Scatter brain. When you smile it's so delightful, when you talk it's so insane, still it's charming chatter Scatter Brain I know I'll end up apoplectic but there's nothing I can do. It's just the same as being in a hurricane, and though my life will be too hectic, there is nothing I can do, nothing else can matter you're my darling Scatter Brain.
Arthur Schwartz, Leo Robin - A Gal In Calico.xml
I feel like a two year old, So would you ,too, 'Cause I'm headin' for a weddin', That's if someone says: "I do!" Someonewith a heart of gold I've been true to. Someone kinda shylike, Just like I like. Met a gal in Calico Down in Santa Fe; Used to be her Sunday beau 'til I rode away, Do I want her, do I want her love? Yes, siree! Will I win her, will I win her love? Wait 'n see! Workin' with a Rodeo, Go from town to town. See most ev'ry kinda gal, Ev'ry kinda gown. But who made my heart sing Yippee Yi! Yippee Yo! My little gal in Cali co Take my gal in Calico Down in Santa Fe: Guess I better let her know that I feel this way, Is she waitin', is she waitin'? She better be Am I hopin' to be ropin' her? Yes, siree Gonna quit the Rodeo, Gonna settle down, Buy a bolt of calico For a weddin' gown. Then will I fence her in Yippee Yi! Yippee Yo! My little gal in Calico
Traditional Gaelic Melody, Eleanor Farjeon - Morning Has Broken.xml
Mor nig has bro ken like the first mor ning Black bird has spo ken like the first bird praise for the sing ing praise for the morn ing praise for them spring ing fresh from the Word Sweet the rain's new fall sun lit from hea ven like the first dew fall on the first grass praise for the sweet ness of the wet gar den sprung in com plete ness where His feet pass mine is the sun light mine is the mor ning born of the one light e den saw play praise with e la tion praise ev ery morn ing God's re cre a tion of the new day
Carmine Coppola, John Bettis - Promise Me You'll Remember.xml
Pro mise me you'll remember this love together today. We may not have tomorrow, it's not for us to say. Fate isn't kind to lovers, it breaks the hardest heart, promise me you'll remember how good we are. Why do I find a sadness under your sweetest kiss? Destiny seems to whisper it won't stay like this. Whenever we're together, I feel time standing still. I only know I love you, and I always will If we should lose each other somewhere inside the dark, promise me you'll remember how good we are. are. Time isn't kind to lovers, it breaks the hardest hearts. Promise me you'll remember how good we are.
Lionel Richie - Endless Love.xml
My love there's only you in my life the only thing that's right my first love you're evry breath that I take you're evry step I make and I I want to share all my love with you no one else will do and your eyes tell me how much you care oh yes you will always be my endless love world to me Oh I know I found in you my endless love Oh and only one oh no I can't deny this love I have inside and i'll give if all to you my love my endless love.
Duke Ellington & Billy Strayhorn, John LaTouche - Day Dream.xml
Funny the way that I feel now can't keep my feet on the ground, ev'rything seems unreal now when you're not around. Day Dream why do you haunt me so? Deep in the rosy glow, the face of my love you show. Day Dream I walk along on air building a castle there, for me and my love to Share. Don't know the time Lordy, I'm in a daze. Sun in the sky while I moon around feeling hazy. Day Dream don't break my reverie until I find that she is day dreaming just like me. me.
Lee S. Roberts, J. Will Callahan - Smiles.xml
Dearie now I know Just what makes me love you so, Just what holds me and enfolds me In the golden glow, Dearie now I see 'Tis each smile so bright and free, for life's sadness turns to gladness When you smile on me. There are smiles that make us happy, there are smiles that make us blue; There are smiles that steal away the tear drops as the sunbeams steal away the dew. There are smiles that have a tender meaning, that the eyes of love alone can see, and the smiles that fill my life with sunshine are the smiles that you give to me. There are me.
Albert E. Brumley  - I'll Fly Away.xml
Some bright morning when this life is over I'll fly away To that on God's celestial shore I'll fly a way I'll fly a way oh glory I'll fly away When I die hallellujah by and by I'll fly away
Murray Berlin, Roy Alfred - The Late Late Show.xml
Gee! it's cosy in the park tonight. When you cuddle up and hold me tight. Stars above they seem to know. We're putting on the late late show. Hear the crazy music in the trees. See the flowers dancing in the breeze. Old Man Moon begins to glow. He's joining in the late late show. Birds that should be dreaming start in chirping a song. While fire flies are gleaming we kissed, kissed all night long. Then we amble back to my front door. Say goodnight and then we kiss some more. Guess you know I love you so. It started on the late late show.
Hank Williams - You Win Again.xml
The news is out all over town that you've been seen a runing 'round I know that I should leave, but then, I just can't go you win again This heart of mine could never see what ev'ry body knew but me Just trusting you was my great sin what can I do you win again
Josef Marais - Around The Corner.xml
Aroundthe corner Oo Oo Beneath the berry tree along the footpath behind the bush looking for Henry Lee to
Jerry Lordan - A Girl Like You.xml
Angel face, we've just met, Just how lucky can one boy get? There's a light in your eye, I know it's love and I know that I could be happy with a girl like you. Tell your ma, tell your pa, And tell your fav'rite old wishing star, We're in love, just by chance I asked you "would you like 't dance," Fancy dancing with a girl like you! Funny how love can come to a lone heart, I'm a boy you're a girl I guess that's a pretty good start! here I am, there you are, Together baby we should go far A girl like you, a boy like me, Two hearts together like they ought to be, Can't believe I've gotta girl like you.
Les Kettley - Love Me.xml
Love me, and I will want no other love. love me, and I will stay by you, love me, andIll not look elsewhere for love, love me, as much as I love you. really do love me. Love me, love me, as I love you, you were made just for me, love menobody else will do, I need you so, love me.
Cy Coleman, Joseph McCarthy - Why Try To Change Me Now.xml.2
I'm sentimental, so I walk in the rain, I've got some habits even I can't explain. Could start for the corner, turn up in Spain. But why try to change me now? I sit and day dream, I've got daydreams galore, cigarette ashes, there they go on the floor. I'll go away weekends, leave my keys in the door, but why try to change me now? Why can't I be more conventional? People talk, people stare, so I try. But that's not for me, 'cause I can't see my kind of crazy world go passing me by. So let people wonder, let them laugh, let them frown. You know I'll love you till the moon's upside down. Don't you remember, I was always your clown? Why try to change me now?
Sammy Mysels, Dick Robertson, Nelson Cogane - We Three.xml
Here we go again, just reminiscing Dreaming of yesterday, And the love we're missing. We three we're all alone living in a memory my echo my shadow and me we three we're not a crowd, we're not even company my echo my shadow and me. What good is the moonlight, the silvery moonlight that shines above? I wlak with my shadow, I talk with my echo, But where is the one I love? We three we'll wait for you even till eternity; my echo, my shadow and me. We me,
Charles Williams, John Moran - The Key To Love.xml
The key to love belongs to you. It leads to a doorway where dreams come true. When you turn the key and look for your lover You find the one that your heart meant to share your lonely a partment. When yopui find the one you're dreaming of, You hold till forever the key to love. key, the key to love.
Damien Rice - 9 Crimes.xml
Leave me out with the waste this is not what I do. It's the wrong kind of place to be thinkking of you It's the wrong time, for somebody new It's a small crime, and I've got no excuse Is that alright yeah? Give my gun away when it's loaded. Is that allright yeah? If you don't shoot how am I supposed to hold it? Is that all right yeah? Give my gun away when it's loaded Is that allright yeah? With you? Leave me out  with the waste this is not what I do. It's the wrong kind of place to be cheating on you. It's the wrong time, she's pulling me through It's a small crime and I've got no excuse
Andrew Hill, John Reid - Every Time I Look At You.xml
I used to think that I was strong. I realize theat I was wrong, 'cause ev'ry time I see your face, my mind becomes an empty space. And with you lying next to me, feels like I can hardly breath. I close my eyes the moment I surrender to you. Let love be blind, innocent and tenderly true. So lead me thru tonight, but please turn out the light, 'cause I'm lost ev'ry time I look at you. And in the morning when you go, wake me gently, so I'll know that loving you was not a dream, and whisper softly what it means, to be with me. Then, ev'ry moment we're apart will be a lifetime to my heart. I close my eyes the moment I surrender to you. Let love be blind, innocent and tenderly true. So lead me thru tonight, but please, please turn out the light, 'cause I'm lost ev'ry time I look at you. Lost ev'ry time I look at you.
Traditional - Cockles and Mussels.xml
In Dublin's fair city where girls are so pretty I first set my eyes on sweet Molly Malone. As she wheel'd her wheel barrow thro' streets broad and narrow crying Cockles and mussels alive alive ho. Alive alive ho Alive alive ho crying cockles and mussels alive alive ho.
Avril Lavigne & Butch Walker - When You're Gone.xml
I've always needed time on my own I never thought I'd need you there when I cry and the days feel like years when I'm alone and the bed where you lie it's made up on your side When you walk away I count the steps that you take do you see how much I need you right now When you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you When you're gone the face I came to know is missing too When you're gone the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it okay I miss you I've never feltt this way before ev'ry thing that I do reminds me of you and the clothes you left they lie on the floor and they smell just like you I love the things that you doI miss you We were made for each other Out here forever I know we were Yeah yeah All I ever wanted was for you to know ev'ry thing I do I give my heart and soul I can hardly breathe I need to feel you herewith me When you're gone the pieces of my heart are missing you When you're gone the face I came to know is missing you When you're gone the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it okay I miss you.
George A. Norton - The Yellow Ribbon.xml
'Round her neck She Wore A Yellow Ribbon. She wore it in the winter and the merry month of May. When I asked her why the yellow ribbon She said "It's for my lover who is far, far away. Far away Far away"She said "It's for my lover who is far, far away. Far away far away"She said "It's for my lover who is far, far away."
Traditional - Frankie And Johnny.xml
Frankie and Johnny were sweethearts. Oh, what a couple in love! Franlie was loyal to Johnny, just as true as stars aabove. He was her man, but he done her wrong. This is the end of my story and this is the end of my song. Frankie is down in the jailhouse and she cries the whold night long "He was my man and he done me wrong."
Traditional English - God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen.xml
God rest ye Merry gentlemen let nothing you dismay. Remember Christ our Savior was born on Chirstmas Day To save us all from Satan's pow'r when we were gone astray O tidings of comfort and joy comfort and joy O tidings of comfort and joy. Bethlehem in Israel this blessed Babe was born And laid within a manger upon this lessed morn; The which His Mother Mary did nothing take in scorn In
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - My Baby Just Cares For Me.xml.1
My baby don't care for shows, my baby don't care for clothes, my baby just cares for me! My baby don't care for furs and laces, my baby don't care for hightoned places. My baby don't care for rings, or other expensive things, she's sensible as can be. My baby don't care who knows it. My baby just cares for me. My baby's no Gilbert fan, Ron Colman is not her man, my baby just cares for me! My baby don't care for Lawrence Tibbets, she'd rather have me around to kibbitz. Bud Rogers is not her style, and even Chevalier's smile, is something that she can't see. I wander whats's wrong with baby? My baby just cares for
Harry Warren, Harold Adamson, Leo McCarey - An Affair To Remember.xml
Our love affair is a wondrous thng that we rejoice in remembering Our love was born with our first embrace And a page was torn out of time and space. Our love affair, may it always be, a flame to burn through eterity So take my hand with a fervent prayer that we may live and we may share a love affair to remember
Charles Chaplin - This Is My Song.xml
Love this is my song here is a song, a serenade to you The world cannot be wrong if in this world theres you I care not what the world may say without your love there is no day Love this is my song here is a song a serenade to you Love this is my song here is a song a sere nade to you the world cannot be wrong if in this world theres you I care not what they world may say without your love there is no day Love this is my song here is a song, a serenade to you.
Heino Gaze, Hans Bradtke - Calcutta.xml
I've kissed the girls of Naples They're pretty as can be I've also kissed some French girls who came from Paree the Spanish girls are lovely Oh yes indeed they are but the ladies of Calcutta are sweeter by far the ladies of Calcutta will steal your heart away and after it is stolen you'll say I've kissed the girls of Naples I've kissed them in Parree But the ladies of Calcutta do somthing to me.
Cole Porter - Get Out Of Town.xml
Get out of town before it's too late, my love, get out of town be good to me please. Why wish me harm? Why not retire to a farm, and be contented to charm, the birds off the trees? Just disappear, I care for you much too much, and when you are near, close to me dear, we touch too much. The thrill when we meet is so bitter sweet that darling, it's getting me down. So on your mark get set, get out of town. town.
A.Singer, J.Medora, D.White - At The Hop.xml
Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah, At The Hop Well you can rock it, you can roll it, do the stomp and even stroll it, At The Hop When the record starts aspinnin' you calypso when you chicken, At The Hop. Do the dance sensation that is sweepin the nation, At The Hop) Let's go to the hop! (Oh, baby) Let's go to the hop! (Oh, baby) Let's go to the hop! (Oh, baby) Let's go to the hop! (Oh, baby) Ah, Ah, Let's go to the hop! .Well you can swing it, you can groove it, you can really start to move it, At The Hop. Where the jumpin' is the smoothest and the music is the coolest, At The Hop All the cats and the chicks can get their kicks, At The Hop.) Let's go to the hop!
Gordon Jenkins, Johnny Mercer - P. S. I Love You.xml
Dear, I thought I'd drop a line, the weather's cool, the folks are fine. I'm in bed each night at nine, P. S. I love you. Yesterday we had some rain, but, all in all, I can't complain. Was it dusty on the train? P. S. I love you. Write to the Browns just as soon as you're a ble they came around to call. I burned a hole in the dinning room ta ble, and let me see, I guess that's all. Nothing else for me to say, and so I'll close, but by the way, ev'rybody's thinking of you. P. S. I love you. I do my best to obey all your wishes I put a sign up Think! But I gotta buy us a new set of dishes, or wash the ones, piled in the sink! Noth ing else to tell you dear, except each day seems like a year. ev 'ry night I'm thinking of you. P. S. I love you.
Michael Jackson - Beat it!.xml
They told him don't you ever come around here, don't wanna see your face, you better disappear The fire's in their eyes and their words are really clear. So beat it, just beat it Your better run you better do what you can, don't wanna see no blood, don't be a macho man You wanna be tough, better do what you can, so beat it, but you wanna be bad! Just Beat it! Beat it! No one wants to be defeated. Showin' how funky and strong is your fight. It doesn't matter Who's wrong or right, just beat it! Just beat it! Just beat it! Just beat it!
Larry Shay, Joe Goodwin, Mark Fisher - When You're Smiling.xml
When you're smiling, when you're smiling, the whole world smiles with you. When you're laughing, when you're laughing, the sun comes shining thru. But when you're crying it brings on the rain; So stop you're sighing, be happy a gain. Keep on smiling, 'cause when you're smiling, The whole world smiles with you. When you're
Victor Schertzinger, Johnny Burke - I Don't Want To Cry Anymore.xml
Each day just about sunset I watch you passing my door, it's all I can do not to run to you, but I don't want to cry anymore. Nighttime when there is moonlight, the same old moon we knew before, It's all I can do not to run to you, but I don't want to cry anymore. All that I've known about happiness, I found just being with you. Then I would find myself losing my mind over some careless thing you'd do. Why can't I forget you? I know so well what is in store; a moment or two in the clouds with you then back where I was before, but I don't want to cry anymore.
Traditional Catholic, Frederick Faber (1863) - Jesus, My Lord, My God, My All.xml
Jesus my Lord, my God, my All! How can I love the as I ought? And how revere this wondrous gift, So far surpassing hope or thought? Sweet Sacrament we Thee adore. O make us love Thee more and more! O make us love Thee more and more!
Meredith Wilson - Seventy Six Trombones.xml
Seventy six trombones led the big parade with a hundred and ten cornets close at hand they were followed by rows and rows of the finest virtuosos the cream of evry famous band seventy six trombones caught the morning sun with a hundred and ten cornets right behindthere were more than a thousand reeds springingup like weeds there were horns of evry shape and kind there were copper bottom tympani in horse platoons thundering thundering all along the way double bell eu phoniandums and big bassoons each bassoon having his big fat say there were fifty mounted cannon in the battery thundering thundering louder than before clarinets of evry size and trumpeters who'd improvise a full octave higher than the score seventy square.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Some Enchanted Evening.xml
Some Enchanted Evening You may see a stranger, You may see a stranger, Across a crowded room And somehow you know You know even then That somewhere you'll see her again and again Some Enchanted Evening Some one may be laughing You may hear her laughing Across a crowded room And night after night As strange as it seems The sound of her laughter will sing in your dreams. Who can explain it? Who can tell you why? Fools give you reasons. Wise men never try. Some enchanted evening When you find your true love, When you feel her call you Across a crownded room. Then fly to her side And make her your own Or all through your life you may dream all alone. Once you have found her. Never let her go. Once you have find her. Never let her go!
Elton Smith , Larry Holder 1997 - The Ballad of the Cross.xml
By the pro fits God fore told of the send ing of His Son who would give His life to set the cap tive free step ping down from His throne and the glo ry He had known Je sus came to give His life for you and me though He knew well the cost He was pre pared to suf fer loss Him self a ran som for us all in to our hope less world He came en dured the suf fering and the shame ev ery mo ment stay ing faith ful to the cause yet the One who spoke of love was re ject ed and des pised He knew all to well the sing ful heart of man those with eyes re fused to see those with ears re fused to hear as they sought a way to bring Him to an end by a friend He was be trayed by sol diers led a way yet for this ver y hour He had come they did not take He free ly gave for those He came to save the road to the cross He walked a lone He could have called a mil lion an gels to His side or stepped down from the cross and walked a way but His Love held Him there through the pain and des pair to free us from a debt we could not pay in His suf fer ing and pain took the guilt and the shame as He hung be tween the hea vens and the ground ev ery nail ev ery thorn ev ery stare ev ery scorn pierced the One who so free ly laid it down with His face to the sky it is fin ished was His cry the words that broke the gates of Hell when His fin al words were said breathed His last bowed His head dark nes o'er the land so quick ly fell yet death and dark ness could not stand a gainst His power He rose vic tor ious from the grave In His light we now may live by the grace He came to givc all who call up on His name are sure ly saved all who call up on His name are sure ly saved
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - Out of This World.xml
You're clear out of this world. When I'm looking at you. I hear out of this world the music that no mortal ever knew. You're right out of a book. The fairy talew I read when I was so high. No armored knight out of a book was more enchanted by a Lorelei than I. After waiting so long for the right time, after reaching so long for a star, all at once from the long and lonely nighttime and despite time Here you are. I'd cry out of this world. If you said we were through. So let me fly out of this world and spend the next eternity or two with you.
Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen - Polkadots & Moonbeams.xml
A country dance was being held in a garden I felt a bump and heard an "Oh, beg your pardon," Suddenly I saw polkadotsandmoonbeams all around a pugnosed dream. The music started and was I the perplexed one. I held my breath and said, "May I have the next one?" In my frightened arms polkadots and moonbeams sparkled on a pugnosed dream. There were questtions in the eyes of other dancers as we floated over the floor; There were questions but my heart knew all the answers, And perhaps a few things more. Now in a cottage built of lilacs and laughter, I know the meaning of the words "ever after" And I'll always see polkadots and moonbeams when I kiss the pugnosed dream.
Richard A. Whiting, Gus Kahn, Raymond B. Egan - Ain't We Got Fun?.xml
Evry morning, ev'ry evening, Ain't we got fun? Not much money, Oh but honey, ain't we got fun? The rent's unpaid dear, we haven't a car. But anyway dear, we'll stay as we are. Even if we owe the grocer, Don't we have fun? Tax collector's getting closer. Still, we have fun. There's nothing surer, the rich get rich and the poor get poorer. In the meantime, in between time, ain't we got fun?
Irving Berlin - You're Just In Love.xml
I hear singing and there's noone there. I smell blossoms and the tree's are bare. All day long I seem to walk on air, I wonder why? I wonder why? I keep tossing in my sleep at night. And what's more I lost my appetite. Stars that used to twinkle in the skies are twinlling in your eyes, I wonder why? You don't need analyzing, it is not so surprising that you feel very strange but nice. Your heart goes pitter patter I know just what's the matter because I've been there once or twice. Put your head on my shoulder. You need someone who's older. A rub down with a velvet glove. There is nothing you can take to relieve this pleasant ache. You're not sick you're just in love.
Zez Confrey - Stumbling.xml
Stumbling all around, Stumbling all around, stumbling all around so funny, Stumbling here and there, stumbling ev'ry where And I must declare I stepped right on her toes and when she bumped my nose I fell and when I rose, I felt ashamed, and told her, That's the latest step, that's the latest step, that's the latest step, My honey, Notice all the pep, notice all the pep, notice all the pep, She said ,Stop mumbling tho' you are stumbling I like it just a little bit, just a little bit, quite a little bit.
Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim - I Feel Pretty.xml
I feel pretty oh, so pretty I feel pretty and witty and bright! and I pity any girl who isnt me tonight I feel charming Oh, so charming it's alarming how charming I feel and so pretty that I hardly can believe I'm real See the pretty firl in that miror there who can that attractive girl be? such a pretty face, such a pretty dress such a pretty smile such a pretty me I feel stunning and entrancing feel like running and dancing for joy for I'm loved by a pretty wonderful boy! I feel
Lester Lee, Bob Russell - Blue Gardenia.xml
Blue Gardenia, now I'm alone with you, and I am also blue, she has tossed us aside. And like you, Gardenia, once I was near her heart, After the teardrops start where are teardrops to hide? I lived for and hour. what more can I tell? Love bloomed like a flower, then the petals fell. Blue Gardenia, thrown to a passing breeze, but pressed in my book of memories. ries.
Victor Herbert, Glen MacDonough - Toyland.xml
Toyland, toyland, little girl and boy land. While you dwell within it, you are ever happy then. Childhood's joyland, mystic merry joyland. Once you pass its borders you can never return again.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin, Dorothy Heyward, DuBose Heyward - It Ain't Necessarily So.xml
It ain't necessarily so, It ain't necessarily so, De t'ings dat yo' lible to read in de Bible, it ain't necessarily so.  Li'l  David was small, but oh my! Li'l  david was small, but oh my! He fought big Goliath Wo lay down and dieth! Li'l David was small, but oh my! Wadoo Wadoo, Zim bam boddledoo, Zim bam boddledoo Hoodle ah da wa da, Hoodle ah da wa da, Scatty wah. Scatty wah. Yeah!  Oh, Jonah he lived in de whale, Oh, Jonah he lived in de whale, Fo' he made his home in dat fish's abdomen. Oh, Jonah he lived in de whale.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Down By the River.xml
Once we walked alone Down by the river. All the world our own, Down by the river. Maybe the river made our love song start. Full was the river, yet more full my heart. So I love you two, You and the river I'll be there for you I and the river, You will remember when you hear my song. Down where the river rolls along
Mary Earl, Ballard  Macdonald - Beautiful Ohio.xml
Long, long ago, Someone I know Had a little red caoe. In it room for only two Love found it's start, Then in my heart, And like a flower grew. Drift ing with the current down a moonlit stream, while above the heavens in their glory gleam; And the stars on high, twinkle in the sky. Seeming in a para dise of love divine, Dreaming of a pair of eyes that looked in mine; Beautiful Ohio, in dreams again I see Visions of what used to be.
Neil Sedaka, Phil Cody - Laughter In The Rain.xml
Strolling along country roads with my baby it starts to rain, it begins to pour without an umbrella were soaked to the skin I feel a shiver run up my spine. I feel the warmth of her hand in mine OO I hear laughter in the rain walking hand in hand with the one I love Oo how I love the rainy days and the happy way I feel insideAfter a while we run under a tree I turn to her and she kisses me There with the beat of the rain on the leaves softly she breathes and I close my eyes shar ing our love un der storm y skies.
Dimitrios Katrivanos, (English words) Christopher Hassal - The story of Tina.xml
The story of Tina began in the springtime when Tina was sweet seventeen The boy said he lov'd her and she gave a promise the truest that ever has been And then came the wedding one morning in May And still they are sweethearts though years roll away The story of Tina is love's grand adventure as sweet as a love song can be The story of Tina and me.
Willie Nelson - Sad Songs And Waltzes.xml
I'm writing a song all about you A true song as real as my tears But you've no need to fear it for no one will hear it Cause sad songs and waltzes aren't selling this year I'll tell all about how you cheated I'd like for the whole world to hear I'd like to get even with you cause you're leavin But year It's a good thing that I'm not a star, You don't know how lucky you are tho' my record may say it no one will play it Cause sad songs and waltzes aren't selling this year.
Walter Marks - I've Gotta Be Me.xml
Whether I'm right or whether I'm wrong. Whether I find a place in this world or never belong. I've gotta be me I've gotta be me. What else can I be, but what I am. I want to live, not merely survive And won't give up this dream of life that keeps me alive. I've gotta be me I've gotta be me. The dream that I see makes me what I am. That far away prize, a world of success it's waiting for me if I heed the call. I won't settle down, won't settle for less as long as there's half a chance that I can have it all. I'll go it alone, that's how it must be I can't be right for somebody else if I'm not right for me. I've gotta be free, I've gotta be free.   Daring to try to do it or die! I've gotta be me!
Eric Bogle - And the Band Played Waltzing Matilda.xml
Now when I was a young man I carried a pack and I lived the free life of a rover from the Murrays green basin to the dusty outback well I waltzed my Matilda all over then in nineteenfifteen the country said son its time you stopped roving theres work to be done so they gave ma a tin hat and they gave me a gun and sent me away to the war and the band played Waltzing Matilda and the ship pulled away from, the quay, and midst all the tears, the flag waving and cheers we sailed off to Gallipoli
Henry Mancini, Felice Mancini - SOMETIMES.xml
Some times, not of ten en ough, We ref lect up on the good things And those thoughts al ways cen ter a round those we love. And I think a bout those peo ple who mean so much to me. And for so man y years have made me so ve ry happ py. And I count the times I have for got ten to say: Thank You and just how much I love them.
Squire Parsons - Sweet Beulah Land.xml
I'm kind of home sick for a count ry to which I've nev er been be fore no sad good byes will there be spo ken for time won't mat ter an y more Beu lah land I'm long ing for you and some day on thee I'll stand there my home shall be e ter nal Beu lah land sweet beu lah land I'm look ing now a cross the riv er to where my faith will end in sight There's just a few more days to lab or Then I will take my heaven ly flight Beu lah land I'm long ing for you and some day on thee I'll stand there my home shall be e ter nal Beu lah land sweet beu lah land I'm kind of home sick for a count ry to which I've nev er been be fore no sad good byes will there be spo ken for time won't mat ter an y more Beu lah land I'm long ing for you and some day on thee I'll stand there my home shall be e ter nal Beu lah land sweet beu lah land
Dana Suesse, Edward Heyman - My Silent Love.xml
I reach for you like I reach for a star, Worshiping you from afar, Livng with my sllent love. I'm like a flame dying out in the rain, Only the ashes remain, Smould'ring like my silentlove. How I long to tell all the things I have planned. Still, it's wrong to tell, You would not understand. You'll go along never dreaming I care, Loving somebody somewhere, Leaving me my silent love. love.
Alain Whyte, Morrissey - Seasick, Yet Still Docked.xml
I am a poor freez ing ly cold soul so far from where I in tend ed to go Scav eng ing thru Life's ver y con stant lows so far from where I'm de ter mined to go Wish I knew the way to reach the one I love There is no way Wish I had the charm to at tract the one I love but you see I've got no charm To nite I've con sumed Much more than I can hold All this is ver y clear to you and you can tell that I have nev er real ly loved. You can tell by the way i sleep all day And all my life No one gave me an y thing No one has ev er giv en me an y thing My love is sharp as a nee dle in your eye You must be such a fool to pass me by
Marvin Fisher, Jack Sega - When Sunny Gets Blue.xml
When Sunny gets blue, her eyes get gray and cloudy. Then the rain begins to fall. Pitter, patter, pitter, patter, love is gone so what's the matter? No sweet lover man comes to call. When Sunny gets blue, she breathes a sigh of sadness, like the wind that stirs the trees. Wind that sets the leaves to swayin', like some violins are playin' weird and haunting melodies. People used to love to hear her laugh, see her smile. That's how she got her name. Since the sad affair, she's lost her smile, changed her style. Somehow she's not the same. But mem'ries will fade, and pretty dreams will rise up where her other dream fell through. Hurry new love, hurry here to kiss away each lonely tear, and hold her near when sunny gets blue. Hold her near when sunny gets blue.
Joseph Maxwell, Ray McKay - Old Scotch Mother Mine.xml
In an old Scottish home that is dear to my mind Lives an old Scottish mother, so gentle and kind Trouble and care may have wrinkled her brow But with thoughts sweet and tender, I think of her now. Old Scotch Mother Mine You are with me all the while Your kind old eyes And your dear sweet smile Tho' we're far apart For the sake of Auld Lang Syne God bless and keep you Old Scotch Mother Mine Mine
Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller - Loving You.xml
I will spend my whole life thru loving you, loving you. Winter, summer, springtime too, loving you, loving you. Makes no difff'rence where I go or what I do. You know that I'll always be loving you. If I'm seen with someone new, don't be blue, don't be blue. I'll be faithful, I'll be true; always true, true to you. There is only one for me, and you know who. You know that I'll always be loving you.
Lee Andrews, Bernice Davis - Long, Long and Lonely Nights.xml
Long, long and lonely nights I cry my eyes out over you Wondering if I did right and why you left me with a broken heart Ooh long, long and lonely nights Oh how I miss you my dear. Please come back to me. How I wish you were here As I go along my lonely way I visulize your face When I pass through (yeah) my doorway What's left for me to face. Oh Oh Long, long and lonely nights I guess you're never coming home Long, long and lonely nights ever since you've been gone As I go along my lonely way I visulize your face When I pass through (yeah) my doorway What's left for me to face Oh Oh Oh long, long and lonely nights I guess you're never coming home. Long, long and lonely nights ever since you've been gone. Please please come back to me You've been gone too long
Bernie Taupin, Elton John - Crocodile Rock.xml
I remember when rock was young. Me and Susi had so much fun. Holding hands and skimmin' stones. Had an old, gold Chevy and a place of my own. But the bigest kick I ever got, was doin' a thing called the Crocodile Rock. While the other kids were rockin' round the clock. We were hopin an bopin' to the Crocodile Rock, Well Crocodile Rockin' is something shockin',  when your feet just won't keep still. I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will. Oh Lawdy mama those Fridday nights when Susie wore her dresses tight and the Crocodile Rockin' was out of sight. La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la But the years went by, and rock just died, Su sie went and left for some foreign guy. Long night cryin' by the record machine dreamin' of my Chevy and old blue jeans. But the'll never kill thrills we got. burning up to the Crocodile Rock. Learning fast 'till the weeks went past. We really though the Crocodile Rock would last. Well La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Taylor Swift - Love Story.xml
We were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes and the flashback starts. I'm standin' there on a balcony in summer air. See the lights, see the party the ball gowns. See you make your way through the crows and say hello. Little did I know that you were Romeo. You were throwing pebbles and my dad dy said, "Stay away from Juliet." But you were ev'rything to me. I was begging you Please don't go. And I said, Romeo take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting. All that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story. Baby just say yes. So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet cause we're dead if they knew, so close your eyes. Escape this town for a little while. Cause you were Romeo, I was the Scarlet letter and my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." And I was crying on the staircase, begging you, Please don't go. And I said, Romeo take me some where we can be alone. I'll be waiting. All there's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess It's a love story. Baby just say yes. Romeo save me. They're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult but it's real. Don't be afraid. We'll make it out of this mess. It's a love story. Baby just say yes. I got tired of waiting. Wondering if you were ever com ing around. My faith in you was fading. when I met you on the out skirts of town. And I said, Romeo save me. I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think. He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said. Marry me, Juliet, you never have to be alone. I love you and that's all I really know. I talked to your dad. Go pick out a white dress. It's a love story Baby just say yes. Oh oh oh Oh oh oh Cause we were both young when I first saw you.
Hans Otten, Ken Griffin, Hal Cotton, Gerhard Ebeler - You Can't Be True Dear.xml
You cant be true dear theres nothing more to say I trusted you dear hoping we'd find a way your kisses tell me that you and I are through but I'll keep loving you Although you cant be true.
Tommie Connor :  Walter Ridley :   - Be like the kettle and sing.xml
When your troubbles are boiling over Consult this recipe Ev' ry body can be in clover Happy as can be When all the skies are grey and its a rainy day Think of the bird ies in Spring When you're up to your neck in hot water be like the ket tle and sing tell that umbrella man he's just an 'al so ran Think of a kid on a swing when you're up to your neck in hot wa ter be like the ket tle and sing You';ll find that lifes always got a funny side so come ovver on the sunny side and wear a great big smile you'll find that life's worth while You'll have the world on a string when you're up to your neck in hot water Be like the ket tle and sing when all the sing
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - That Certain Feeling.xml
He: Knew it from the start, Love would play a part. Felt that feeling come astealing In my lonesome heart. She: It would be ideal, if that's the way you feel, But tell me, is it really real? (He:) You gave me That certain feeling, The first time I met you I hit the ceiling I could not forget you. You were completely sweet, Oh what could I do? I wanted phrases to sing your praises. That certain feeling, The one that they all love. No use concealing I've got what they call love. Now we're together, Let's find out whether You're feeling that feeling too. You gave me That certain feeling, The first time I met you. That certain feeling, I could not forget you. I felt it happen just as you came in view. Grew sort of dizzy, Thought, "Gee, Who is he?" That certain feeling, I'm here to confess, it Is so appealing, No words can express it. I cannot hide it, I must cinfide it. I'm feeling that feeling too.
Hank Cochran - Make The World Go Away.xml
Do you remember when you loved me before the world took me away/ if you do then forgive me and make the world go away make the world go away and get it off my shoul ders say the things you used to say and make the world go away I'm sorry if I hurt you I'll make it up day by day just say you love me like you used to and make the world go sway make the world go away and get it off my shoul ders say the things you used to say and make the world go away.
Shelton Brooks - Darktown Strutters' Ball.xml
I'll be down to get you in a taxi honey you better be ready about half past eight now dearie don't be late I want to be there when the band starts playing remember when we get there honey the twosteps I'm goin' to have em all goin' to dance out both my shoes when they play the Jelly Roll Blues tomorrow night at the Darktown Strutters' Ball
Fraser Smith, Adele Adkins - Set Fire To The Rain.xml
I let it fall, my heart. And as it fell you rose to claim it. It was dark and I was over until you kissed my lips and you saved me. My hands they were strong, but my knees were far too weak to stand in your arms. witout falling to your feet. But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew. All the things you'd say, they werenever true, never true. And the games you'd play you would always win, always win. But I set fire to the rain. Watched it pour as I touched your face. When it burned, well I cried cause I heard it screaming out your name, Your name, When lay with you I could stay there, just close my eyes feel you here forever You and me together, nothing gets better. Cause theres a waysI set fire to the rain. And I threw us into the flames. When we fell, something died cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time. Some-timesI wake up by the door that heart you caught must be waitting for ya, E-vennow when we're already over. I can't help myself from looking for you. I set fire to the rain. Watched it pour as I touched your face. When it burned, well, I cried Cause I heard it screaming out your name Your name I set fire to the rain and I threw us into the flames. When we fell something died Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time
Robert Lopez, Jeff Marx - Avenue Q.xml
Do do do Ba da ba Do do do da ba Wah! The sun is shining it's a lovely day, A perfect morning for a kid to play, but you've got lots of bills to pay what can you do? You work real hard and the pay's real low and ev'ry hour goes oh, so slow and at the end of the day there's nowhere to go But home to Avenue Q! You live on Avenue Q! Your friends do too. You Are twenty two and you live on Avenue Q! You live on Avejue Q You live on Avenue Q!
Jerry Livingston, Paul Francis Webster - The Twelfth Of Never.xml
You ask how much I need you, must I explain? I need you, oh, my darling, like roses need rain. You ask how long I'll love you, I'll tell you true, Until The Twelfth Of Never, I'll still be loving you. Hold me close, never let me go; Hold me close, melt my heart like April snow. I'll love you 'till the bluebells forget to bloom, I'll love 'tillyou 'till the clover has lost it's perfume. I'll love you 'till the poets run out of rhyme, Until The Twelfth Of Never, And that's a long, long time; Untill The Twelfth Of Never, And that's a long, long time.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - The Surrey With the Fringe On The Top.xml
Chicks and ducks and geese better scurry when I take you out in the surrey, when I take you out in the surrey with the fringe on top! Watch that fringe and see how it flutters, when I drive them high steppin' strutters. Nosey pokes 'll peek thru their shutters and their eyes will pop! The wheels are yeller, the upholstery's brown, the dashboard's genuine leather, with isinglass curtains, you can roll right down, in case there's a change in the weather. Two bright sidelight winkin' and blinkin', ain't no fin er rig I'm athinkin'. You can keep your rig if you're thinkin' 'at I'd keer to swap fer that shiny, little surrey with the fringe on the top.
Artie Shaw - Nightmare.xml
I woke up this mornin', feelin awful sad; I thought that you had left me, and my head was achin' bad. Oh, it was a nightmare, as plain as it could be. Yes it was a nightmare, but baby don't do that to me! lips so sweet and tender, you were mine for life; your eyes they held the promise but your hand it held the knife. Oh it was a nightmare as plain as it could be, Yes, it was a nightmare but baby don't do that to me! You didn't want my money, least that's what you said; Now you're in someone else's arms, I'm wishin I was dead. Oh, it was a nightmare, as plain as it could be. Yes, it was a nightmare, but baby don't do that to me!
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - Before I Gaze At You Again.xml
Before I gaze at you again I'll need a time for tears Before I gaze at you again Let hours turn to years I have so much forgetting to do Be fore I try to gaze again at you Stay away until you cross my mind Barely once a day Till the moment I awake and find I can smile and say That I can gaze at you again Without a blush or qualm, My eyes ashine like new again My manner poised and calm. Stay far away, My love, far away. And so 'till when we gaze again, Goodbye GoodbyeGoodbye.
Phil Myers - Slipping Away.xml
You once were so eager and ready to play, we laughed and we sang ev'ry day . Now you are quiet, your smile is gone, it feels like you're slipping away . Maybe you're tired, maybe you're blue, maybe you found someone new. Maybe you know all my problems, maybe they're your problems too. I thought that this time would be the right time, not like the last time, what can I say? I am still hoping we still have a chance, but it feels like you're slipping away. I can't find a formula to melt your heart. No romantic dinners, no jewelry, no art. All I know is loneliness and memories of what was a very good start. You once were so eager and ready to play, we laughed and we sang ev'ry day. Now you are quiet, your smile is gone, and it feels like you're slipping away.
Jesse Harris - Don't Know Why.xml
I waited Õtil i saw the sun I donÕt know why I didnÕt come I left you by the house of fun I donÕt know why I didnÕt come I donÕt know why I didnÕt come When I saw the break of day I wished that I could fly away Instead of kneeling in the sand Catching teardrops in my hand My heart is drench'd in wine But youÕll be on my mind Forever
Jim McLean - Massacre of Glencoe.xml
Oh cruel is the snow that sweeps Glencoe and covers the grave o' Donald Oh cruel was the foe that raped Glencoe and murdered the house o' MacDonald  they came in a blizzard we offered them meat a roof o'er their heads dry shoes for their feet we wined them and dined them they ate of our meat and they slept in the house o' MacDonald Oh  they came from Fort William with murder in mind the Campbell had orders King William had signed put all to the sword these words unerlined and leave none alive called MacDonald
Leon Rusk, Merle Travis - A Petal From A Faded Rose.xml
Heres a rose from the garden where the bloom of romance grows but I'll keep one part near my aching heart just a petal from a faded rose Love is sweet in the morning when the breeze of summer blows but will fade and die when the winters night like a petal from a faded rose
Joe Halford & Jay Justin - Reminiscing.xml
Rem iniscing, Reminiscing over you, Reminiscing is all I seem to do. Here am I reminiscing of the years I spent with you. Here am I remin iscing "bout the things that we went through. Here am I feelin' lonely without you by my side. Just left with tears and sadness, the things I have to hide. Oh the good times and the bad times, together we went through, those moments gone for ever they're all I'm clinging to, now I'm left with only mem'ries, of days that have gone by, never to return again no matter how I try. Just reminising Rem in iscing over you, Remin is cing is all I seem to do.Oh the world was made for lovers but lovers drift apart, now I'm a lonely lovver left with my broken heart, Just reminiscing, reminiscing over you, reminiscing, is all I seem to do.Just remindo.
Kevin Cavanaugh - Chris Caruso, Kevin Cavanaugh - I DON'T DREAM IN BLACK AND WHITE.xml
I can see the mir ror in the o cean the words in side your feel ings and hold them in my hand I DON'T DREAM IN BLACK AND WHITE I DON'T DREAM IN BLACK AND WHITE  I can touch the cool of your e mo tions in qui et in spir a tions and put them on your soul give us strength Lend me a brush of great ness give us hope so we can bind the can vas to paint the stars but we'll have to move a moun tain it takes love to move a moun tain
Burton Lane, E. Y. Harburg - How Are Things in Glocca Morra?.xml
How are things in GloccaMorra? Is that little brook still leaping there? Does it still run down to Donny Cove? Thru Killeybegs, Kilkerry and Kildare? How are things in Glocca Morra? Is that willow tree still weepin' there? Does the laddie with the twinklin' eye come whistlin' by and does he walk away, Sad and dreamy there not to see me there? So I ask each weepin' willow and each brook along the way, and each lad that comes awhistlin' Tooralay. How are things in Glocca Morra this fine day? How are things in Glocca day?
Coldplay - Cemeteries of London.xml
At night they would go walking till the breaking of the day, the morning is for sleeping.Through the dark streets they go searching to see God in their own way,save the night time for your weeping,you weeping.Singing la, la, la, la, la, la, la lay.And the night over London lay.So we rode down to the river where Victorian ghosts pray, their curses to be broken.We go underneath the arches where the witches are and they say, "There are ghost towns in the ocean,the ocean.God is in the houses and God is in my head,and all the cemet'ries of London.I see God come in my garden, but I don't know what he said,for my heart it wasn't open,not open.Singing la, la, la, la, la, la, la lay.And the night over London lay.Singing la, la, la, la, la, la, la lay.There's no light over London today.
Brian Kaper, Walter Jurman, Gus Kahn - San Francisco.xml
San Francisco open your golden gate You let no stranger wait outside your door. San Francisco here is your wand'ring one saying "I'll wander no more". Other places only make me love you best; Tell me you're the heart of all the golden west. San Francisco welcome me home again I'm coming home to go roaming no more. more.
Albert H. Fitz & William H. Penn - Honeysuckle And The Bee.xml
You are my honey, honey suckle, I am the bee. I'd like to sip the honey sweet from those red lips, you see. I love you dearly, dearly, and I want you to love me. You are my honey, honey suckle, I am the bee.
Artie Shaw - If It's You.xml
Sitting by the fireside and dreaming lovely things, While I'm waiting for a knock or a precious call, Sudden ly I'm startled, my heart leaps up and sings, As I hear familiar footsteps along the hall, If It's You when a knock comes at my door, If it's You then I'll rush across the floor. But if you're not there the sky falls on my schemes again I close the door and rush back to my dreams again When I'm blue and the phone rings in the gloom, If it's you there's a rainbow in my room And when someone kneels with someone making vows for two, If it's me I'll be in heaven if it's You!
Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Transcribed).xml
Ev'ry night I hope and pray a Dream Lover will come my way, a girl to hold in my arms and know the magic of her charms. Cause I want a girl to call my own. I want a Dream Lover so I don't have to dream alone. Dream Lover where are you, with a love oh so true, and a hand that I can hold, to feel you near as I grow old? Cause I want a girl to call my own. I want a Dream Lover so I don't have to dream alone. Some day, I don't know how, I hope she'll hear my plea. Some way, I don't know how, she'll bring her love to me. Dream Lover until the n I'll go to sleep and dream again. That's the only thing to do till all my lover's dreams come true. Cause I want a girl to call my own. I want a dream lover so I don't have to dream alone. Dream Lover until then I'll go to sleep and dream again. That's the only thing to do till all my lover's dreams come true. Cause I want a girl to call my own. I want a Dream Lover so I don't have to dream alone. I want a Dream Lover so I don't have to dream alone. I want a Dream Lover so I don't have to dream alone.
Isham Jones, Gus Kahn - On The Alamo.xml
Where the moon swings low On the Alamo In a garden fair, where roses grow. In the tender light of the summer night. I can see her wander to and fro For she said I'll wait By the golden gate On the night I said, "I love you so." and in all my dream it seems, I go Where the moon swings low On the Alamo. Where the moon swings Alamo.
Michael Carr, Jimmie Leach, Tommie Connor - The Little Boy That Santa Claus Forgot.xml
He's the little boy that Santa Claus forgot, And goodness knows he didn't want a lot. He sent a note to Santa for some soldiers and a drum'; It broke his little heart when he found Santa hadn't come. In the street, he envies all those lucky boys, The wanders home to last year's broken toys. I'm so sorry for the laddie; He hasn't got a daddy, the little boy that Santa Claus forgot. He's the got.
George Bassman & Ned Washington 1932 - I'm Getting Sentimental Over You.xml
Ne ver thought I'd fall but now I hear love call I'm get ting sen ti men tal o ver you things you say and do just thrill me through and through I'm get ting sen ti men tal ov er you I thought I was hap py I could live with out love now I must ad mit love is all I'm think ing of won't you please be kind and just make up your mind that you'll be sweet and gen tle be gen tile with me be cause I'm sen ti men tal o ver you.
Amy Winehouse - Back to black.xml
He left no time to regret Kept his dick wet With his same old safe bet Me and my head high And my tears dry Get on without my guy You went back to what you knew So far removed from all that we went through And I tread a troubled track My odds are stacked I go back to black We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to... I go back to us I love you much It's not enough You love blow and I love puff And life is like a pipe And I'm a tiny penny rolling up the walls inside We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to... Black Black Black Black I go back to I go back to We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to... Black
Hoagy Carmichael - Rockin' Chair.xml.1
Old Rockin' Chair's got me, Cane by my side. Fetch me that gin, son, 'fore I tan your hide. Can't get from this cabin, goin' nowhere; Just sit me here grabbin' at the flies 'round this rockin' chair. My dear old Aunt Harriet, In heaven she be, Send me sweet chari ot, For the end of the trouble I see. Old rockin chair gets it, Judgment day is here, chained to my Rockin' Chair.
Ennio Morricone, Larry Kusik - If Not For You.xml
If not for you, how could I live Without the love that's your's to give. Without you near me, who'd be there to hear me; Answer all my longing, belonging to me. If not for you, would life go on; Could I exist if you were gone. When I had noone, in my arms you taught me all the joys of living, With the love you brought me. Now you're all I live for, How could I go on without you. When I had on, if not for you.
Axel Stordahl, Paul Weston, Sammy Cahn - Day By Day.xml
Day by day I'm falling more in love with you And day by day my love seem to grow There is'nt any end to my devotion I's deeper dear by far than any o cean I find that day by day You're making all my dreams come true So come what may I want you to know I'm yours alone and I'm in love to stay, As we go through the years day by day
Marr, Morrissey - THIS CHARMING MAN.xml
Punc tured bi cy cle on a hill side des o late Will nat ure make a man of me yet? When in this charm ing car This Charm ing Man Why pam per life's com plex it ies when the leath er runs smooth on the pass en gers seat? I would go out to nite but I have n't got a stitch to wear This man said its grue some that some one so hand some should care A jumped up pan try boy who nev er knew his place, he said re turn the ring He knows so much a bout these things He knows so much a bout these things knows so much a bout these things
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - Three Coins In The Fountain  .xml
Three coins in the fountain, each one seeking happiness. Thrown by three hopeful lovers, which one will the fountain bless? Three hearts in the fountain, each heart longing for its home. There they lie in the fountain somewhere in the heart of Rome. Which one will the fountain bless? Which one will the fountain bless? Three coins in the fountain, through the ripples how they shine. Just one wish will be granted; one heart will wear a valentine. Make it mine! Make it mine! Make it mine! mine!
Brian Wilson - Surfer Girl (Transcribed).xml
Little  surfer  little  one made  my  heart  come  all  undone. Do  you  love  me, do  you  surfer  girl? I  have  watched  you  on  the  shore standing  by  the  ocean's  roar. Do  you  love  me,  do  you  surfer  girl? We  could  ride  the  surf  together while  our  love  would  grow. In  my  Woody  I  would  take  you  everywhere  I  go. So  I  say  from  me  to  you I  will  make  your  dreams  come  true. Do  you  love  me,  do  you  surfer girl? My  little surfer  girl!  My  little surfer  girl!  My  little  surfer  girl!
R Kelley - I LOOK TO YOU.xml
As I lay me down Heav en help me now I'm lost with out a cause Aft er giv ing it my all Win ter storms have come and dark en my sun Af ter all that I've been thru Who on earth can I turn to? I LOOK TO YOU I LOOK TO YOU Aft er all my strength is gone In you I can move on I LOOK TO YOU I LOOK TO YOU And when mel o dies are gone in you I hear a song I LOOK TO YOU Aft er los ing my breath There's no fight ing left Sink ing to rise no more Search ing for that op en door And ev' 'ry road I've tak en lead to my re gret And I don't know if I'm gon na make it Noth ing to do but lift my head
Ted Grouya, Jerrie Kruger  - I Heard You Cried Last Night (And So Did I) .xml
I HEARD YOU CRIED LAST NIGHT And I know why I HEARD YOU CRIED LAST NIGHT And so did I why did you make us part? I'm so alone Why did you take my heart? You didn't want it for your own. and if I hadn't cared to make amends I might have never dared, we'd be just friends So calm your fears and dry your tears, Come kiss the boy you adore Now you can smile tonight and cry no more I HEARD YOU more.
Bob Seger - We've Got Tonight.xml
I know it's late. I know you're weary. I know your plans don't include me. Still, here we are; Both of us lonely. Longing for shelter From all that we see. Why should we worry? Noone will care, girl. Look at the stars now, so far away. We've got tonight Who needs tomorrow? We've got tonight, babe; Why don't you stay? Deep in my soul I've been so lonely; All of my hopes fading away. I've longed for love Like ev'ryone else does. I know I'll keep searching after today. So there it is, girl; We've got it all now. And here we are, babe; What do you say? We've got tonight Who needs tomorrow? We've got tonight, babe; Why don't you stay? I know it's late and I know you're weary. I know your plans don't include me. But, here we are, Both of us lonely Both of us lonely Why don't we stay? We've got tonight; Who needs tomorrow? Let's make it last; Let's find a way. Turn out the lights. Come take my hand now. We've got tonight, babe; Why don't we stay? We've got tonight, Why don't we stay?
Jacques Offenbach - The Marine's Hymn.xml
From the halls of Montezuma to the shores of Tripoli we will fight our country's batles on the land as on the sea. First to fight for right and freedom and to keep our honor clean.we are proud to claim the title of United States Marine.
Al Allen, Barry De Vorzon - Just Married.xml
Just married this morning how hapythey are Just married written on the window of their car it broke my heart to see them drive away I lost the one I love today dressed all in white satin white lace in her hair she looked so lovely it was more than I could bear some people guessed the way I felt inside they saw the tears I could not hide I should have stayed at home I knew what was in store but something made me come to see her just once more Just married this morning how happy they are Just married written on the window of their car it broke my heart to see them drive away I lost the one I love today
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - It's Easy To Remember.xml
Your sweet expression, the smile you gave me, the way you looked when we met. It's easy to remember but so hard to forget. I hear you whisper, "I'll always love you." I know it's over and yet, it's easy to remember but so hard to forget. So I must dream to have your hand caress me, Fingers press me tight. I'd rather dream than have that lonely feeling stealing through the night. Each little moment is clear before me, and though it brings me regret, it's easy to remember but so hard to for get. Your sweet exso hard to forget.
Percy Wenrich, Edward Madden - Moonlight Bay.xml
Voices hum, crooning over Moonlight Bay, Banjos strum, tuning while the moonbeams play. All alone unknow they find me, Memories like these remind me of the girl I left behind me, Down on Moonlight Bay. We were sailing along on Moonlight Bay, We could hear their voices ringing, They seemed to say "You have stolen my heart, Now don't go way!" As we sang Love's Old Sweet Song on Moonlight Bay. We were sailing aBay
Otis Blackwell, Winfield Scott (aka Robie Kirk), Winfield Scott - Return To Sender.xml
I gave a letter to the postman he put it in his sack bright and early next morning he brought my letter back She wrote upon it return to sender address unknown no such number no such zone we had a quarrel a lovers spat I write I'm sorry but my letter keeps coming back, zone. This time I'm gonna take it myself and put it right in her hand and if it comes back the very next day then I'll understand the writing on it
Carrie Jacobs-Bond - Just A-wearying For You.xml
Just awearyness for you All the time afeeling blue Wishin' for you, wond'rin when You'll be coming home again Restless dont know what to do Just a wearyin' for you. Evenin' comes I miss you more When the dark glooms 'round the door Seems just like you oughtto be there to open it for me Latch goes tinklin' thrills me through Sets me wearyin' for you
Francis Craig & Beasley Smith - Beg Your Pardon.xml
If I lose my head, Beg Your Pardon. For things I have said, Beg Your Pardon. Why should I worry, the way that I do, when you're in no hurry to let me love you. I'll try for a kiss in the garden, and if I should miss, Beg Your Pardon, But if some sunny day, you'll let me have my way, I won't have to say, Beg Your Pardon.
Larry Vincent, Harry Pease - When The Sun Says Goodnight To The Mountain.xml
DAY FADES IN TO TWILIGHTSTARS WILL BE SOON PEE PING THRU, WATCHING AND HO PING AND WAIT ING, OH! HOW I'M LONG ING FOR YOU WHEN THE SUN SAYS 'GOOD NIGHT' TO THE MOUN TAIN AND THE GOLD OF THE DAY MEETS THE BLUE IN MY DREAMS I'M A LONE ON THE MOUN TAIN WITH A HEART THAT KEEPS CALL ING FOR YOU THE VOICE IN THE TREES, THE SONG IN THE BREEZE, THEY BRING MEM O RIES OF LOVE WE KNEW WHEN THE SUN SAYS 'GOOD NIGHT' TO THE MOUN TAIN I AM DREAM ING, MY SWEET HEART, of you
Jimmy Monaco and Ted Koehler - Every Night About This Time (Transcribed).xml
Evry night about this time oh, how I miss you. I drift into our old rendevour evry night about this time. The gang keeps on asking why you're not around and I keep pretending that you're just out of town. Evry night about this time memories haunt me, wandering too whose dancing with you evry night about this time. And whenever they croon our favorite tune a tear falls with evry rhyme. Oh, how I miss you evry night about this time. Evry night about this time memories haunt me wandering too who's dancing with you evry night about this time. And whenever they croon our favorite tune a tear falls with evry rhyme. Oh, how I miss you evry night about this time.
Andrew Sterling & Harry Von Tilzer - Down At The Old Bull And Bush.xml
Come, come, come and make eyes at me, Down At The Old Bull And Bush. Come, come, drink some port wine with me Down At The Old Bull And Bush. Hear the little German band, Just let me hold your hand dear. Do, do, come and have a drink or two, Down At The Old Bull And Bush.
Abel Baer, George W. Meyer, Stanley Adams - There Are Such Things.xml
A hear that's true There are such things. A dream for two there are such things. Someone to whisper "Darling you're my guiding star." Not caring what you own, but just what you are. A peaceful sky, there are such things A rainbow high where heaven sings So have a little faith and trust in what tomorrow brings you'll reach a star because there are such
Ben Bernie, Maceo Pinkard - Sweet Georgia Brown.xml.1
No gal made has got a shade on sweet Georgia Brown two left feet but but oh so neat sweet Georgia Brown they all sigh and want to die for sweet Georgia Brown I'll tell you just why you know I don't lie well not that much It's been said she knocks them dead when she lands in town since she came why it's a shame how shecools them down Fellers she can't get must be fellers she ain't met Georgia named her, Georgia claimed her Sweet Georgia
Lee Ross, Bob Wills - My Shoes Keep Walking Back To You.xml
I must say that I dont care hold my head up in the air even tell my friends I'm glad that you dont call but when the day is thru my heartache starts anew and thats when I miss you most of all and my arms keep reaching for you my eyes keep searchingfor you my lips keep calling for you and my shoes keep walking back to you no matter much I pretend I wish I had you back again for noth in else means half as much as you our world just seemed to die the day you said goodbye andI cant forget no matter what I do you and my shoes keep walking back to you
Alberto Dominguez, Milton Leeds - Perfidia.xml
To you my heart cries out Perfidia for I found you the love of my life in somebody else's arms your eyes are echoing Perfidia forgetful of our promise of love you're sharing anothers charms with a sad lament my dreams have faded like a broken melody while the Gods of love look down and laugh at what romantic fools we mortals be and now I know my love was not for you and so I'll take it back with a sigh perfidious one good bye.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - (There's) Always Something There To Remind Me.xml
I walk along the city streets you used to walk along with me; And ev'ry step I take recalls how much in love we used to be. Oh, how can I forget you, When there is Always Something There To Remind Me; Always Something There To Remind Me. I was born to love you And I will never be free, You'll always be a part of me. Wo wo wo. When shadows fall I pass the small cafe where we would dance at night; And I can't help recalling how it felt to kiss and hold you tight. wo. I'll never love another, baby. I never will forget you, baby.
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - That's Entertainment.xml
The clown with hhis pants falling down, Or the dance that's a dream of romance, Or the scene where the villain is mean; That's entertainment! The lights on the lady in tights, Or the bride with a guy on the side, Or the ball where she gives him her all; That's The plot can be hot, simply teeming with sex, A gay divorcee who is after he "ex" It can be Oedipus Rex Where a chap kills his father. and causes a lot of bother. The clerk who is thrown out of work by the boss who is thrown for a loss by the skirt who is doing him dirt; The world is a stage, the stage is a world of entertainment!
Irving Berlin - There's No Business Like Show Business.xml
There's no bus'ness like show bus'ness like no bus'ness I know evrything about it is appealing evrything that traffic will allow nowhere could you get that happy feeling when you are stealing that extra bow there's low even with a turkey that you know will fold you may be stranded out in the cold go on with the show.
Buddy Pepper, Inez James, Larry Russell - Vaya Con Dios.xml
Now the haciendas dark, the town is sleeping now the time has come to part the time for weeping Vaya con Dios my darling may God be with you my love now the village mission bells are softly ringing If you listen with your heart you'll hear them singing dawn is breaking through a gray tomorrow But the memories we share are there to borrow with you my love wherever you may be I'll be beside you although you're many million dreams away each night I'll say a pray'r a pray'r to guide you fine to hasten ev'ry lonely hour of ev'ry lonely day. Now the
Amy MacDonald - This is the life.xml
Oh the wind whistles down the cold, dark street tonight, and the people, they were dancing to the music vibe. And the boys chase the girls with the curls in their hair, and the shy, tormented youth sit away over there, and the songs they get louder, each one better than before. And you're singing the songs, thingking this is the life, and you wake up in the morning and you head feels twice the size, where you gonna go, where you gonna go? Where you gonna sleep tonight? And you're singing the songs, thinking this is the life, and you wake up in the morning and you head feels twice the size, where you gonna go, where you gonna go? Where you gonna sleep tonight? Where you gonna sleep to night? So you're heading down the road in you taxi for four, and you're waiting outside Jimmy's front door but nobody's in and nobody's home 'til four. So you're sitting there with nothing to do, talking about Robert Riger and his motley crew and where you gonna go and where you gonna sleep tonight? And you're singing the songs, And you're singing the songs, thinking this is the life, and you wake up in the morning and you head feels twice the size, where you gonna go, where you gonna go? Where you gonna sleep tonight? And you're singing the songs, thinking this is the life, and you wake up in the morning and you head feels twice the size, where you gonna go, where you gonna go? Where you gonna sleep tonight? And you're singing the songs, Where you gonna sleep to night?
Jemma Freeman, Heloise Tunstall-Behrens, Luisa Gerstein, Daniel Blackett - Cups (You're Gonna Miss Me When I'm Gone).xml
I got my ticket for the long way 'round. two bottle of whiskey for the way. And I sure would like some sweet company, And I'm leav in' tomorrow, what d' ya say? When I'm gone. When I'm gone. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. You're gonna miss me by my hair. You're gonna miss me ev'ry where. Oh. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. When I'm gone. When I'm gone. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. You're gonna miss me by my hair. You're gonna miss me ev'ry where. Oh. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. I've got my ticket for the long way 'round, the one with the prettiest of views. It`s got mountains, it`s got rivers, it`s got sights to give you shivers but it sure would be prettier with you. When I'm gone. When I'm gone. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. You're gonna miss me by my talk, You're gonna miss me by my talk. Oh, You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. When I'm gone. When I'm gone. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. You're gonna miss me by my hair. You're gonna miss me ev'rywhere. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. When I'm gone. When I'm gone. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone. You're gonna miss me by my walk. You're gonna miss me by my talk. Oh. You're gonna miss me when I'm gone.
1976, Bob McGee - Emmanuel.xml
Em man u el Em man u el His name is called Em man u el God with us re vealed in us His name is called Em man u el. Em man u el Em man u el His name is called Em man u el God with us re vealed in us His name is called Em man u el.
George M Cohan - Nellie Kelly  I love you.xml
Its the same old song they sing I love you the boys are all mad about Nellie the daughter of officer Kelly and its all day long they bring flowers all dripping with dew and they join in the chorus of Nellie Kelly I love you.
Traditional - The First Noel.xml
The first noel the angel did say was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay in fields where they lay keeping their sheep On a cold winter's night that was so deep. Noel Noel Noel Noel Born is the king of Israel (2).They
Michael Leonard, Herbert Martin - I'm All Smiles.xml
I'm all smiles, Darlin' You'd be too If you knew, Darlin' all of my smiles were for you. I'm all chills, Darlin' through and through My cold hands, Darlin' warm to the touch of you. Rain hasn't fallen for days now, but rainbows are filling the skies. My heart must have painted those rainbows shining before my eyes. Can't you tell that I'm in love Darlin' Deep and true. With guess who, Darlin' Someone I'd die for, beg, steal or lie for, eat humble pie for some one to fly to the sun, moon, and sky for. Someone to live for, to love with and cry for. And that someone is you.
B.G. DeSylva, Lew Brown & Ray Henderson - The Best Things In Life Are Free.xml
The moon belongs to ev'ry one The best things in life are free,	 The stars be long to ev 'ry one They gleam there for you and me. The flow ers in spring, The rob ins that sing, The sunbeams that shine They're yours, they're mine, And love can come to ev'ryone, The best things in life are free.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Where's That Rainbow.xml
Where's that rainbow you hear about? Where's that lining they cheer about? Where's that lovenest where love is king, ever after? Where's that blue room they sing about? Where's that sunshine they fling about? I know morning will come, but pardon my laughter! In each scenario, you can depend on the end, where the lovers agree. Where's that Lothario, where does he roam with his dome, vaselined as can be? It is easy to see alright, Ev'rything's gonna be alright, Be just dandy for ev'rybody but me! me!
Buddy Johnson - Save Your Love For Me.xml
Wish I knew why I'm so in love with you, no one else in this world will do, so, darling, save your love for me. Run away, if I were wise I'd run away, but like a fool in love I stay, and pray you'll save your love for me. I can feel it even when you're not here, can't conceal it, I really love you my dear. And tho' I know no good can come from loving you, I can't do a thing, I'm so in love with you. Help me please, hve mercy on a fool like me, I know I'm doomed but still I plead, darling, please save your love for me. You may have fun with the crowd, but for crying out loud, darling, please save you love for me. me.
Louiguy - Take Me To Your Heart Again.xml
Take me to your heart again, Let's make a start again, Forgiving and forgetting. Take me to your heart again, And leave behind from then Our life of long regretting. Dearest, let's turn back the years, Let smiles come after tears, Like sunshine after rain. I'm yearning for you by night and by day, Praying I'll soon hear you saying "I love you." Then we'll never part again, If you will take me to your heart again. gain.
Traditional Folk Song - Shenandoah.xml
Oh Shenandoah I long to hear you. Away you rollin' river. Oh Shenandoah, I long to hear you. Away, I bound away, 'Cross the wide Missouri. Oh Sehnandoah, I love your daughter. Away you rollin' river. I'll take her 'cross that rollin' water. Away I'm bound away 'Cross the wide Missouri.
Baker Knight - The Wonder Of You.xml
When no one else can understand me when evrything I do is wrong you give me love and consolation you give me hope to carry on and you try to show your love for me in evrything you do that's the wonder the wonder of you and when you smile the world is brighter you touch my hand and I'm a king your kiss to me is worth a fortune your love to me is evrything and you're always there to lend a hand in all I try to do that's the wonder the wonder of you
Johnny Green & Carmen Lombardo, Gus Kahn - Coquette .xml
Tell me Why you keep fooling, Little Coquette? Making fun of the ones who love you. Breaking hearts you are ruling, Little Coquette? True hearts tenderly dreaming of you. Some day you'll fall in love as I fell in love with you. Maybe someone you love will just be fooling, And when you're all alone with only regret You'll know Little Coquette, I loved you.
John Kander, Fred Ebb - Maybe This Time.xml
Maybe this time I'll be lucky. Maybe this time he'll stay. Maybe this time, For the first time, Love won't hurry away. He will hold me fast. I'll be home at last. Not a loser anymore, like the last time and the time before. Ev'rybody loves a winner so nobody loved me. Lady Peaceful. Lady Happy. That's what I long to be. All the odds are in my favor Something's bound to begin. It's got to happen, happen sometime Maybe this time I'll win. Ev'rybody loves a winner so nobody loved me. Lady Peaceful. Lady Happy. That's what I long to be. All the odds are in my favor. Something's bound to begin. It's got to happen, happen sometime, Maybe this time. Maybe this time I'll win.
Michel Legrand, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - The Hands Of Time.xml
If the hands of time were hands that I could hold, I'd keep them warm and in my hands they'd not turn cold. Hand in hand we'd chose the moments that should last; the lovely moments that should have no future and no past. The summer from the top of the swing, the comfort in the sound of a lullaby, the innocense of leaves in the spring, but most of all the moment when love first touche me! All the happy days would never learn to fly, until the hands of time would choose to wave "goodbye."
OscarHammerstein II, Richard Rodgers - Oh What A Beautiful Morning.xml
Theres a bright golden haze on the meadow theres a bright golden haze on the meadow the corn is as high as an elephants eye and it looks like its climbing clear up to the sky Oh what a beautiful morning oh what a beautful day I got a beau tiful feelin evry things goin my way all the way oh what a beautiful day
Michel LeGrand, Marilyn and Alan Bergman - Make The World Your Own.xml
There are stars for wishing there are days for dreaming and nights for lullabying seas to sail and kites for flying Apple trees for climbing summertimes for smiling the days so sweet that you can taste them. Who would want to waste them? There are tunes for whistling afternoons for wandering to maybe find someone who'll turn and say: "Come and play." There are hands for holding fire sides for warming and smiles that tell you you won't be alone! Find the seas and sail them. Paint the kites and fly them take the world make the world your own
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - The Boy' Night Out.xml
Hey there, Mister, build a fence around your sister, It's The Boy's Night Out Hey there, Buster, it's the Injuns after Custer, It's The Boy's Night Out! They're out to do the town and before they're through, It's bound to be likened to The night they lost the Titanic and the Wall Street panic. Wkat they're seeking is a little cheek to cheeking, It's The Boy's Night Out! And that moon's about as big as a honey dew! It's The Boy's Night Out and they're so romantic, But I'll give you a clue, What the boys are out after, the girls are out after too! boys are out after, The girls are out after, What the boys are out after, the girls are out after too!
Elvis Presley - Love me tender.xml
Love me tender love me sweet, never let me go. You have made my life complete, and I love you so. Love me tender, love me true, all my dreams fulfilled. For my darling, I love you, and I always will. Love me tender love me long, take me to your heart. For it's there that I belong, and will never part. Love me tender, love me dear, tell me you are mine. I'll be yours through all the years, 'till the end of time.
F. Monti Arduini, Peter Callander - All My Love (Solo Tu).xml
All my love came to nothing at all my love When I woke up yo find you were no longer mine. All my love thrown away after all this time now there's no place for me in the futture you see. I don't understand you, I've done all I can do Tell me how could I give you more more than all my love.
Nino Rota, Larry Kusic, Eddie Snyder - Love Theme from the film 'Romeo & Juliet'.xml
A time for us, Some day there'll be When chains are torn by courage born of a love that's free, A time when dreams so long denied can flourish As we unveil the love that we must hide A time for us, at last to see A life worthwhile for you and me And with our love, through tears and thorns We will endure as we pass surely through every storm A time for us, some day there'll be a new world A world of shining hope for you and me
Charles B. Ward, John F. Palmer - The Band Played On.xml
Casey would waltz with a strawberry blonde, and the band played on, He'd glide 'cross the floor with the girl he ador'd and the band played on. But his brain was so loaded it nearly exploded, The poor girl would shake with alarm. He'd ne'er leave the girl with the strawberry curl, And the band played on. on.
Traditional Irish, Katharine Tynan Hinkson [born 1861] - Londonderry Air (Would God I Were The Tender Apple Blossom).xml
Would God I were the tender apple blosom that floats and falls from off the twisted bough To lie and faint within your silken bosom within your silken bosom as that does now! Or would I were a little burnishd apple for you to pluck me gliding by so cold, while sun and shade your robe of lawn will dapple your robe of lawn and your hair's spun gold. Yea, would to God I were among the roses that lean to kiss you as you float between while on the lowestbranch a bud uncloses A budun closes to touch you Queen. Nay since you will not love, would I were growing a happy daisy in the garden path That so your silver foot might press me going might press me going even untodeath.
Curly Putman, Billy Sherrill - My Elusive Dreams.xml
You followed me to Texas you followed me to Utah We didn't find it there so we moved on Then you went with me to Alabam things looked good in Birmingham we didn't find it there so we moved on I know your tired of following my elusive dreams and schemes for they're only fleeting things my elusive dreams you dreams.
Haydn Wood, Fred E. Weatherley - Roses Of Picardy.xml
She is watching by the poplars, Colinette with the sea blue eyes. She is watching and longingand waiting, Where the long white roadway lies. And a song stirs in the silence, As the wind in the boughs above. She listens and starts and trembles, "Tis the first little song of love. Roses are shining in Picardy, in the hush of the silver dew, Roses are flow'ring in Pi cardy, but there's never a rose like you! And the roses will die with the summertime, and our roads may be far apart. But there's one rose that dies not in Picardy! "tis the rose that I keep in my heart!
Jeff Lynne, Roy Orbison, Tom Petty - You Got It.xml
Evry time I look into your loving eyes, I see a love that money just can't buy. One look from you; I drift away. I pray that you are here to stay. Any thing you want, You got it! Any thing you need, you got it! Any thing at all, you got it, baby. Evry time I hold you I begin to understand Evry thing about you tells me I'm your man. I live my life to be with you. No one can do the things you do. Any thing you want, any thing you need, any thing at all, Oh, ___ ___ ___ ___ ___ __ Oh, yea, yea, yea, yea. (instrumental) ... ... ... . . . I'm glad to give my love to you. I know you feel the way I do. Any thing you want, You got it! Any thing you need, you got it! Any thing at all, you got it, Ba by. any thing at all, baby you got it!
Norah Jones - Come away with me.xml
Come away with me in the night, Come away with me I will write you a song Come away with me on the bus, Come away where they can't Tempt us with their Lies And I want to walk with you on a cloudy day, in fields where the yellow grass grows kneehigh so won't you try to come Come away with me and we'll kiss On a mountaintop Come away with me and I'll never stop loving you And I want to wake up with the rain falling on a tin roof While I'm safe there in your Arms So All I ask is for you come away with me in the night Come away with me
James I Russell - Where The River Shannon Flows.xml
There's a pretty spot in Ireland I always claim for my land, where the fairies and the blarney will never never die. It's the land of the shillalah My heart goes back there daily to the girl I left behind me when we kissed and said goodbye. Where dear old Shannon's flowing, where the three leaved shamrock grows Where my heart is I am going, To my little Irish rose. And the moment that I meet her, With a hug and kiss I'll greet her, For there's not a colleen sweeter, where the River Shannon flows. Sure no letter I'll be mailing For soon I will be sailing and I'll bless the ship that takes me to my dear old Erins shore. Then I'll settle down for ever I'll leave the old sod never and I'll whisper to my sweetheart "come and take my name As thore."
Bob Dylan, Joan Baez, Peter Paul and Mary - Blowing in the Wind.xml
How many roads must a man walkdown beforeyou call him a man? Yes, 'n' How many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand? Yes, 'n' How many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned?The answer my friend is Blow– in' In The Wind. The answer is Blowin' In The Wind. How many times must a man lookup before he can the sky? Yes, 'n' How many ears must one man have before he can hear people cry?Yes 'n' How many deaths will it take 'till he knows that too many people have died? How many years can a mountain exist beforeit's washed to the sea? Yes, 'n' How many years can some people exist before they're alowed to be free?Yes, 'n How many times can a man turn his head pretendhe just doesn't see? Wind. The answer is Blowin' In The Wind.
James Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Life Is So Peculiar.xml
Oh, life is so peculiar. You get so wet in the rain, You get so warm in the sunshine, It doesn't pay to complain. When I get up each morning there's nothing to breathe but air, And when I look in the mirror there's nothing to comb but hair, And when I sit down to breakfast there's nothing to eat bur food, Life is so peculiar but you can't stay home and brood. Yes, life is so peculiar. A fork belongs with a knife, Corned beef is lost with out cabbage. A husband should have a wife, Life is so peculiar, but as ev'rybody says, "That's Life."
Billy Meyers, Elmer Schoebel, Ernie Erdman, Gus Kahn - Nobody's Sweetheart.xml
Youre nobodys sweetheart now they dont baby you somehow fancy hose silken gown you'd be out of place in your own hometown when you walk down the avenue I just can't believe that it's you painted lips painted eyes wearing a bird of paradise it all seems wrong somehow that you're nobody's sweetheart now
Traditional Scottish - Wi' a hundred pipers .xml
Wi' a hundred pipers an' a' an' a' wi' a hundred pipers an' a' an' a' well up an' gie them a blaw a blaw wi' a hundred pipers an' a' an' a' O its owre the border a wa' awa' it's owre the border a wa' a wa' we'll on an' we'll march to Carlisle ha' wi' its yetts its castle an' a' an' a' Wi' a hundred pipers an' a' an' a' Wi' a hundred pipers an' a' an' a' we'll up an' gie them a blaw a blaw wi' a hundred pipers an' a' an' a' wi' a a' an' a'
Sy Oliver - Yes, Indeed!.xml
You will shout when it hits you, yes indeed Yes you'll shout when it hits you yes indeed! When the spirit moves you, you'll shout "Hallelujah!When it hits you you'll holler, yes indeed It comes
Paul Francis Webber, Sonny Burke - Black Coffee.xml
I'm feeling mighty lonesome, haven't slept a wink. I walk the floor and watch the door, and in between I drink black coffee, Love's a handmedown brew I'll never know a Sunday in this weekday room I'm talkin' to the shadows from one o' clock to four; And Lord how slow the moments go, when all I do is pour black coffee Since the blues caught my eye I'm hanging out on Monday my Sunday blues to dry Now a man is born to go a lovin' a woman's born to weep and fret And stay at home and tend her oven And drown her past regrets in coffee and cigarettes I'm moaning all the mornning and mourning all the night; And in between it's nicotine, and not much heart to fight black coffee. Feeling low as can be. It's driving me crazy, I'm waiting for my baby to maybe come around.
Glyn Hughes - Whiskey On A Sunday.xml
Come day go day wish in my heart it was Sunday drinking buttermilk through the week whiskey on a Sunday he sits on the corner of old Beggars Bush on top of an old packing crate he has three wooden dolls that can dance and can sing and he croons with a smile on his face Come day go day wish in my heart it was Sunday drinking buttermilk through the week whiskey on a Sun day his tired old hands tug away at the strings and the puppets they dance up and down a far better show than you ever would see in the fanciest theatre in town
Kelly Clarkson - My Life Would Suck Without You.xml
Guess this means you're sorry, You're standing at my door, Guess this means you take back all you said before. Like how much you wanted Anyone but me Said you'd never come back, but here you are again. 'Cause we belong together now, yeah Forever unnited here somehow, yeah You got a piece of me, and honestly my life my life would suckwould suck without you.
Tom Springfield & Diane Lampert - The Olive Tree .xml
Tell me, white dove, where will I find the olive tree? For just one branch I'd search my whole life through.I've heard them say a greener land is waiting there, Where people wake and find their dream come true. High flying dove, Please lead me and I'll follow you, Above the clouds, beyond the stormy sea. I long to share a world of sweet contentment there, In that bright land where grows the olive tree. So let me fly.tree. In that bright land where grows the olive tree.
L. Wolfe Gilbert - Down Yonder.xml
Railroadtrain railroad train hurry some more Put a little steam on just like never before hustle on bustle on I've got the blues Yearning for my Swanee shore Brother if you only knew you'd want to hur ry up to Down yonder someon beckons to me Down yonder someone reckons on me I seem to see a race in memory between the Natchez and the Robert E Lee Swanee shore I miss you more and more Evry day my mam my land you're simply grand down yonder when the folks get the news dont wonder at the Hullabaloos Theres daddy and mammy Theres Ephraim and Sammy waiting down yonder for me. me.
Milton Ager, Lester Santly, Benny Davis - I'm Nobody's Baby.xml
You see I'm Nobody's Baby, I wonder why, Each night and day i pray the Lord up above, Please send me down somebody to love. But nobody wants me, I'm blue somehow, Won't someone hear my plea and take a chance with me, Because I'm Nobody's Baby now. You see I'm now
John Lennon - Imagine.xml
Imagine there's no heaven. It's easy if you try. No hell below us, above us only sky. Imagine all the people, living for today, Aha Imagine there's no countries. It isn't hard to do. Nothing to kill or die for, and no religion too. Imagine all the people. Living life in peace yuhuh You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope some day you'll join us, and the world will be one. Imagine no possessions. I wonder if you can. No need for greed or hunger, a brotherhood of man. Imagine all the people. Sharing all the world yuhuh live as one.
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Come Fly With Me.xml
Come fly with me! Let's fly Let's fly away! If you can use some exotic booze there's a bar in far Bombay. Come fly with me! Let's fly Let's fly away! Come fly with me! Let's float down to Peru! In Llama Land there's a oneman band and he'll toot his flute for you. Come fly with me! Let's take off in the blue! Once I get you up there, where the air is rarified, we'll just glide, starry eyed. Once I get you up there, I'll be holding you so near, you may hear angels cheer 'cause we're together. Weatherwise, It's such a lovelyday! Just say the words and we'll beat the birds down to Acapulco Bay. It's perfect for a flying honeymoon, they say. Come fly with me! Let's fly! Let's fly a way!
Evelyn Danzig, Jack Segal - Scarlet Ribbons.xml
I peeked in to say goodnight and then I heard my child in prayr and for me some scarlet ribbons scarlet ribbons for my hair all the stores were closed and shuttered all the streets were dark and bare In our town no scarlet ribbons Not one ribbon for her hair thru the night my heart was aching just before the dawn was breaking I peeked in and on her bed in gay profusion lying there lovely ribbons scarlet ribbons scarlet ribbons for her hair. If I live to be two hundred I will never know from where came those lovely scarlet ribbons scarlet ribbons for her hair.
Doc Pomus, Mort Shuman - Surrender.xml
When we kiss my heart's on fire burning with a strange desire and I know each time I kis you that your heart's on fire too so my darling please surrender all your love so warm and tender let me hold you in my arms dear while the moon shines bright above all the stars will tell the story of our love and all its glory let us take this night of magic and make it a night of love wont you please surrender to me your lips, your arms your heart dear be mine for ever be mine tonight night
Bruce Miller, Darry Phinnessee - Theme from Frasier.xml
Hey, baby, I hear the blues acallin' tossed salads and scrambled eggs, and maybe I seem a bit confused; maybe, but I got you pegged. But I don't know what to do with those tossed salads and scrambled eggs. They're callin' again They're callin' again.
Herbie Hancock, Jon Hendricks - Watermellon Man.xml
He! Watermellon man, hey! watermellon man, Bring me one that rattles when you lug it, One that's erd and juicy when you plug it. Do you unerstand Watermellon man. Hey! Wa ter mel lon man, Hey! wa ter mel lon man, Hot and bothered need a little coolin', When I hear you call I start to droolin'. Do you unerstand Watermellon man.
Alex Stordalh, Paul Weston, Sammy Cahn - I Should Care.xml.1
I know I should pity me, but I don't because you see, I have loved and I have learned and as far as I'm concerned: I should care, I should go around weeping. I should care I should go without sleeping. Strangely enough I sleep well 'cept for a dream or two, but, then, I count my sheep well. Funny how sheep can lull you to sleep. So, I should care. I should let it upset me. I should care but it just doesn't get me. Maybe I won't find someone as lovely as you, but, I should care and I do. do.
Dizzy Gillespie, Jon Hendricks - A Night In Tunisia.xml
The moon is the same moon above you, Aglow with its cool evening light. But shining at night in Tunisia, Never does it shine so bright. The stars are aglow in the heavens But only the wise understand That shining at night in Tunisia They guide you through the desert sand. Words fail to tell a tale too exotic to be told. Each night's a deeper night in a world ages old. The cares of the day seem to vanish. The ending of day brings release. Each wonderful night in Tunisia where the nights are filled with peace.
Harry Warren, Leo Robin - No Love No Nothin'.xml
No love, no nothin', Until my baby comes home. No sir! No nothin' As long as baby must roam. I promised him I'd wait for him till even hades froze. I'm lonesome Heaven knows, but what I said still goes. No love, no nothin', and that's a promise I'll keep, No fun with no one, I'm getting plenty of sleep. My heart's on strike, and tho' it's like an empty honeycomb. No love no sir, no nothin' till my baby comes home. No home.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Climb Every Mountain.xml
Climb evre mountain search high and low follow evry byway evry path you know climb evry mountain ford evry stream follow evry rainbow till you find your dream A dream that will need all the love you can give evry day of your life for as long as you live climb evry mountain ford evry stream follow evry rainbow till you find your dream! till you find your dream!
Ruru Karaitiana - Blue Smoke.xml
Blue smoke goes drifting by into a clear blue sky and when I think of home I sad ly sigh Oh I can see you there with loving tear in your eye As we fondly said our last goodbyes and when I sailed away with a longing to stay I promised to be true and to love only you Blue smoke goes drifting by into a clear blue sky My memories of you will never die.
Fred Ahlert, Roy Turk - I Don't Know Why (I just Do).xml
I don't know why I love you like I do, I don't know why I just do. I don't know why you thrill me like you do, I don't know why you just do. You never seem to want my romancing, the only time you hold me is when we're dancing. I don't know why I love you like I do, I dont know why, I just do.
Lewis H. Redner, Phillip Brooks - O Little Town Of Bethlehem.xml
O little town of Bethlehem, How still we see thee lie; above the deep and dreamless sleep the silent stars go by: Yet in thy dark streets shineth The everlasting Light; The hopes and fears of all the years Are met in Thee tonight.
Neil Diamond and Alan Lindgren, Neil Diamond - Hello Again.xml
Hello again. hello. Just called to say "hello." I couldn't sleep at all tonight. And I know it's late, but I couldn't wait. Hello, my friend, hello. Just called to let you know I think about you ev'ry night when I'm here alone and you're there at home. Hello. Maybe it's been crazy, and maybe I'm to blame, but I put my heart above my head. We've been through it all, and you loved me just the same.and when you're not there, I just need to hear: Hello, my friend, hello. It's good to need you so. It's good to love you like I do and to feel this way when I hear you say hello. Hello, my friend, hello, just called to let you know I think about you ev'ry night. And I know it's late, but I couldn't wait. Hello
Bryan Wells, Ronald Miller - A Place In The Sun.xml
Like a long lonely stream, I keep runnin' towards a dream, movin' on, movin' on. Like a branch on a tree, I keep reachin' to be free, movin' on, movin' on. 'cause there's a place in the sun where there's hope for everyone, where my poor restless heart's gotta run. There's a place in the sun and before my life is done, got to find me a place in the sun. Like an old dusty road, I get weary from the load, movin' on, movin' on. Like this tired, troubled earth, I've been rollin' since my birth, movin' on, movin' on.
Franz Lehar, Fritz Lohner, Harry B. Smith , Ludwig Herzer - Yours Is My Heart Alone.xml
Your's is my heart alone and without you life holds no charm. Your's ev'ry thought I own, our love the theme of ev'ry dream. All that makes life seem worthwhile dwells in your eyes and the spell of your smile. There is no song half so sweet to me as your voice whispering "I love you, dear." dear."
Victor Herbert, B.G.De.Sylva - A Kiss In The Dark.xml
Oh that kiss in the dark, Was to him just a lark, But to me 'twas a thrill supreme! Just a kiss in the dark But it kindled the spark, The awak'ning of love's young dream.
Al Dexter - Pistol packin Mama.xml
Drinkin beer in a cabaret and was I havin fun Until one night she caught me right and now I'm on the run. Lay that pistol down babe Lay that pistol down Pistol packin Mama Lay that pistol down.
Dave Frishberg - Peel Me A Grape.xml.1
Peel me a grape Cruch me some ice Skin me a peach save the fuzz for my pillow	 Talk to me nice talk to me nice You've got to wine me and dine me Don't try to fool me Bejewel me Either amuse me or lose me I'm getting hungry Peel me a grape Pop me a cork French me some wine Crack me a nut bring a bowl full of bonbons Chill me some wine Keep standing by Just entertain me champagne me Show me you love me Kid glove me Best way to cheer me Cashmere me I'm getting hungry Peel me a grape Here's how to be an agreeable chap Love me or leave me in luxury's lap Hop when I holler Skip when I snap When I say: "Do it" Jump to it Send out for scotch Bring me some wine Cut me a rose make a tea with the pedals Just hang aroud Pick up the tab Never outthink me Just mink me Polar bear rug mr Don't bug me New Thun derbird me You heard me I'm getting hungry Peel me a grape
Roy Orbison - Blue Bayou.xml
I feel so bad I got a worried mind I'm so lonesome all the time since I left my baby behind on Blue Bayou. Saving nickles, saving dimes, working 'til the sun don't shine looking forward to happier times on Blue Bayou! I'm going back some day, come what may to Blue Bayou where the thoughts are fine and the world is mine on Blue Bayou. With those fishing boats with their sails afloat; if I could only see that familiar sun rise through sleepy eyes how happy I'd be. With that With that boy of mine, by my side, the silver moon and evening time oh some sweet day gonna take away this hurtin' inside I'll never be blue, my dreams come true on Blue Bayou
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - Makin' Whoopee!.xml
Another bride, another June, another sun-ny honeymoon another season another reason for makin' whoop ee! A lot of shoes, a lot of rice, the groom is nerhe answers twice, It's really killing that he's so willing to makin' whoopee!
Jean Surrey, Red Surrey - Teen Angel.xml
(1)That fateful night the car was stalled up on the railroad track I pulled you out and we were safe but you went running back Teen angel can you hear me teen angel can you see me are you somewhere up above and am I still your own true love (2)What was it you were looking for that took your like that night they said they found my high school ring clutched in your fingers tight
John Denver, Mike Taylor - Rocky Mountain High.xml
He was born in the summer of the twenty seventh year comin home to a place he'd never been before he left yesterday behind him you might say he was born again you might say he found a key for evry door when he first came to the mountains his life was far away on the road and hanging by a song but the strings already broken and he doesn't really care it keeps changing fast and it don't last for long but the Colorado Rock y Mountain high I've seen it rain in fire in the sky the shadow from the starlight is softer than a lullaby Rocky Mountain high Rock y Moun tain high He Climbed Cathedral mountains he saw silver clouds be0low he sawevrything as far as you can see and they say that he got crazy once andhe tried to touch the sun and he lost a friend but kept his memory now he walks in quiet solitude the forests and the streams seeking grace in ev ry step he takes his sight has turned inside himself to try and understand the serenity of a clear blue mountain lake and the now his life is full of wonder bu this heart still knows some fear of a simple thing he can not comprehend why the try to tear the mountains down to bring in a couple more more peopple more scars upon the land. and the
Bill Conti, Ayn Robbins, Carol Connors - Gonna Fly Now.xml
Gonna fly now flying high now Gonna fly, fly, fly. Rocky's ready to make a move, yeah Rocky's ready he just can't lose, yeah Ev'ry nerve a wire sweatin' blood like fire Body's achin' from the hurt it's takin' muscles screamin' like a burnin' demon Ev'ry nerve a wire sweatin' blood like fire Tryin' hard now, it's so hard now, tryin' hard now, Rocky power by the hour Pumpin' iron, God ya know he's tryin', Ev'ry nerve a wire sweatin' blood like fire Gonna fly now, flyin' high now, Gonna fly, fly, fly. Feelin' strong now, won't be long now, gettin' strong now, Fists like thunder gonna put you under. fly.
Irving Berlin - Say It With Music.xml
Music is a language lovers understand, Melody and romance wander hand in hand; Cupid never fails assisted by a band, So if you have something sweet to tell her; Say it with music, Beautiful music; Somehow they'd rather be kissed To the strains of Chopin or Liszt A mel ody mellow, played on a cello, Helps mister Cupid along So say it with a beautiful song.
Celestine Akins - Heart Beat Tango.xml
Let our hearts beat to the tan go Lets pre tend we're back a gain Let our mem or ies go back to mem or y lane and lets be sweet hearts a gain Lets re mem ber all our vows dear Let our lips meet once a gain So if you loved me long a go dear Lets pre tend we're sweet hearts a gain Lets pre tend we nev er part ed As we did so long a go So let our hearts beat to the tang o As we do the tang o to night
Harlan Howard, Hank Chochran - What A Merry Christmas This Could Be.xml
What a merry Christmas this could be if you would just come back to me and say that you'd forgiven me. What a merry Christmas this could be. It was just last Christmas that we quarreled and you walked out. I knew I was wrong, but you'd come back; I had no doubt. Now a year has rolled around, it's Christmas once again, and what I'd give if you'd come walkin' in. What a mer
Nicholas Brodszky, Jack Lawrence - No One But You.xml
No One But You could take my heart before you came. No one but you could make my heart burst into flame. Now I hear myself confessing All the dreams I've been suppressing, All at once my lips are blessing your name. Your hands are cool, your eyes are warm, your smile is bliss. I'd be a fool to fear the storm that's in your kiss Let your kiss destroy or save me, so shall it be! Till life is thru' No One But You for me. No One But me
Andrew Loog Oldham, Keith Richard, Mick Jagger - As Tears Go By.xml
It is the evening of the day. I sit and watch the children play. Smiling faces I can see, but not for me. I sit and watch As Tears Go By. My riches can't buy ev'rything. I want to hear the children sing. All I hear is the sound of rainfalling on the ground. I sit and watch As Tears Go By It is the evening of the day. I sit and watch the children play, Doin' things I used to do they think are rew, I sit and watch AS Tears Go By. Mm
Doc Pomus & Mort Shuman - A Mess Of Blues.xml
I just got your letter, baby; atoo bad you can't come home. I swear I'm goin' crazy, sittin' here all alone. Since you're gone I got a mess of blues. I ain't slept a wink since Sunday; I can't eat a thing all day. Ev'ry day is Just blue Monday since you've been away. Whoops, there goes a teardrop, rollin' down my face. If you cry when you're in love, it sure ain't no disgrace. I gotta get myself together, before I lose my mind. I'm gonna catch the next train goin', and leave my blues behind. Since you're gone I got a mess of blues.
Stevie Wonder - You are the sunshine of my life.xml
You are the sunshine ofmy life,that´s why I´ll allways bearound. You are the aple of my eye, Forever you´ll stay in my heart. I feel like this is the beginning, Though I´ve loved youfor a milion years. And if I thought our love was ending, I´d find myself drowning in myown tears. You must have known that I was lonely, Because you came to my rescue, And I know that this must be heaven, How could so much love be inside of you?
Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach - Yesterdays.xml.1
Yesterdays, Yesterdays, days I knew as happy, sweet sequestered days. Olden days, golden days, days of mad romance and love. Then gay youth was mine, truth was mine, joyous free and flaming life, forsooth was mine. Sad am I, glad am I, for today I'm dreaming of yesterdays.
Don McLean - And I Love You So.xml
And I love you so the people ask me how How I've lived till now I tell them I dont know I guess they under stand how lonely life has been but life began again the day you took my hand and yes, I know how lonely life can be the shadows follow me and the night wont set me free but I dont let the evening get me down now that you're around me
Roy Orbison, Joe Melson - Only The Lonely.xml
Only The Lonely Know The Way I Feel tonight. Only The Lonely know the feeling ain't right, There goes my baby. There goes my heart. They've gone forever so far apart. But Only The Lonely know why I cry. Only The Lonely. Only The Lonely know the heartaches I've been through. Only The Lonely know I cry and cry for you. Maybe tomorrow, a new romance. No more sorrow but that's the chance. You've got to take if you're lonely, heartbreak. Only The
Cy Coleman, Joseph McCarthy - Why Try To Change Me Now.xml
I'm sentimental, so I walk in the rain, I've got some habits even I can't explain. Could start for the corner, turn up in Spain. But why try to change me now? I sit and day dream, I've got daydreams galore, cigarette ashes, there they go on the floor. I'll go away weekends, leave my keys in the door, but why try to change me now? Why can't I be more conventional? People talk, people stare, so I try. But that's not for me, 'cause I can't see my kind of crazy world go passing me by. So let people wonder, let them laugh, let them frown. You know I'll love you till the moon's upside down. Don't you remember, I was always your clown? Why try to change me now?
Thomas A. Dorsey - Precious Lord, Take My Hand.xml
prec ious Lord take my hand lead me on let me st and I am tired I am weak I am worn throught the storm through the night lead me on to the li ght take my hand pre cious Lord, lead me home when my way grows drear pre cious Lord lin ger near when my life is al most gone hear my cry hear my call hold my hand lest I fall take my hand pre cous Lord lead me home pre cious Lord take my hand lead me on let me st and I am tired I am weak I am worn throught the storm through the night lead me on to the li ght take my hand pre cious Lord, lead me home when the dark ness ap pears and the night draws near and the day is past and gone at the riv er I stand guide my feet hold my hand take my hand pre cious Lord lead me home pre cious Lord take my hand lead me on let me st and I am tired I am weak I am worn throught the storm through the night lead me on to the li ght take my hand pre cious Lord, lead me home
Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer - Charade.xml
When we played our charade we were like children posing, playing at games, acting out names, guessing the parts we played. Oh what a hit we made, we came on next to closing; best on the bill, lovers until love left the masquerade. Fate, seemed to pull the strings, I turned and you were gone. While from the darkened wings the music box played on. Sad little serenade, song of my heart's composing; I hear it still, I always will, best on the bill charade
David A Mann, Redd Evans - No Moon At All.xml
No moon at all, what a night ev en lightnin' bugs have dimmed their light, stars have disappeared from sight and there's no moon at all. Don't make a sound, it's so dark, ev en Fido is afraid to bark. What a perfect chance to park and there's no moon at all. Should we want at mos phere for inspira tion, dear, one kiss will make it clear that tonight is right and bright moonlight might interfere. No moon at all up above, this is nothing like they told us of. Just to think we fell in love and there's no moon at all. love and there's no moon at all.
Taio Cruz - There She Goes.xml
There she goes Looking like a star with her body shaped Like a rock guitar There she goes Like a shooting star Make you wanna play makes all the boys them say Yeah the way her body moving like a hurricane thought I knew what sexy was but uh uh that just changed She's a popstar rockstar lala e fighter lover lala e she knows exactly what she's doing I think she's a pro when she's walking to the room she make sure that she know She's a thriller killer lala e dance floor filler lala e There she goes looking like a star with her body shaped like a rockguitar There she goes like a shooting star make you wanna play makes all the boys them say Wohohoh wohohohohoh wohohohohoh wohohohohoh There she goes Wohohoh wohohohohoh wohohohohoh wohohohohoh There she goes Yeah she'll grab you by the hair and make you scream and shout She'd like to chew you up and then she'll spit you out Oh no don't think that girl a lighter, she won't give a what Yeah she likes to play with fire and she burns it up ohohoh She's a popstar rockstar lala e fighter lover lala e She's a thriller killer lala e dance floor filler lala e There she goes Looking like a star with her body shaped Like a rock guitar There she goes Like a
U2 - With or without you.xml
See the stone set in your eyes, see the thorn twist in your side, I wait for you. Sleight of hand and twist of fate on a bed of nails she makes me wait and I wait without you. With or without you With or without you. Through the storm we reach the shore, you give it all but I want more And I'm waiting for you. with or without you I I can't live with or without you And you give yourself away and you give yourself away And you give, And you give, and you give yourself away My hands are tied my body bruised she's got me with nothing to win or nothing left to lose and you With or without you, with or without you oh, I can't live With or without you. Oh Oh Oh With or without
Felice Bryant, Boudleaux Bryant - She Wears My Ring.xml
She wears my ring to show the world that she belongs to me she wears my ring to show the world she's mine eternaly with loving care I placed it on her finger to show my love for all the world to see this tiny ring is a token of tender emotion an endless pool of love that's as deep as the ocean she swears to wear it with eternal devotion that's why I sing because she wears my ring because she wears my ring
Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden and Adolph Green - Some Other Time.xml
Twentyfour hours can go so fast, you look around the day has passed. When you're in love time is precious stuff; Even a lifetime inn't enough! Where has the time all gone to? Haven't done half the things we want to. Oh, well we'll catch up some other time. This day was just a token, too many words are still unspoken. Oh, well, we'll catchup some other time. Just when the fun is starting comes the time for parting But let's be glad for what we had and what's to come. There's so much more embracing still to be done, but time is racing. Oh, well, we'll catch up some other time other time.
Bobby Austin, Curt Sapaugh - Try a little kindness.xml
If you see your brother standing by the road with a heavy load from the seeds he's sowed andif you see your sister standing by the way just stop and say "Youre goin' the wrong way You gotta try a little kindness yeah show a little kindness just shine your light for ev'ryone to see and if you try a little kindness then you'll over look the blindness of narrow minded people on their narrow minded streets, Dont walk around the down and out lend a helping hand instead of doubt and the kindness that you show ev'ry day will help someone along their way
Sammy King - Penny Arcade.xml
A light shone in the night somewhere ahead Blue turned into green, then it was re d. And stir ring the night Love mus ic played. The light I saw in the night was a penny ar cade. "Step up and play", each machine seemed to say as I walked round and round the penn y arcade "Just ring the bell on the big bag atelle and you'll make all the col oured lights cascade And mus ic played in the penn y arc ade. Well it played and it played, played all the time. "Roll up and spend your last dime!" At first I thought it a dream that I was in Lost, lost in a sea of glass and tin. But no, so dipping my hand in the back of my jeans I grabbed a hand ful of coins to feed the machines. dime!" "Step up and play", each machine seemed to say as I walked round and round the penn y arcade "Just ring the bell on the big bag atelle and you'll make all the col oured lights cascade And mus ic played in the penn y arc ade. Well it played and it played, played all the time. "Roll up and spend your last, "Roll up and spend your last, "Roll up and spend your last dime.
Gene De Paul, Johnny Mercer - Bless Yore Beautiful Hide.xml
Bless yore beau tiful hide, where ever you may be, we ain't met yet , but I'm willin' to bet, you're the gal for me. Bless yore beautiful hide, you're just as good as lost, don't know yore name, but I'm a stalkin' my claim 'less yore eyes is crossed.Oh! I'd swap my gunn' I'd swap my mule, tho' who ever took it would be one big fool, or pay yore way thro' cookin' school if'n' you would say "I do" Bless yore beautiful hide, prepare to bend yore knee, and take that vow, cause I'm atellin' you now you're the gal for me.
Maria Grever - Magic Is The Moonlight.xml
Magic is the moonlight, On this lover's June night As I see the moonlight Shining in your eyes. Can't resist the power In this moonlit hour Love began to flower This is Paradise. Living in the splendor Of your kiss so tender, make my heart surrender To your love divine; Magic is the moonlight, More than any June night, Magic is the moonlight, For it made you mine. Magic is the mine.
Gordon Mills - Ten Guitars.xml
I have a band of men and all they do is play for me, They come from miles around to hear them play a melody, Beneath the stars my ten guitars will play a song for you, And if you're with the one you love then this is what you do; Ooh dance, dance, dance to my ten guitars; And very soon you'll know just where you aaaare Thru the eyes of love you see a thousand staaaars When you dance, dance, dance, to my ten guitars.
Nino Rota, Billy Meshel, Larry Kusik - The Godfather Waltz (Come Live Your Life With Me).xml
No one can buy tomorrow no one can sell their sorrow; But when you look into my eyes, darling you'll always see. Love, I will give you love. Come live your life with me. We'll have our good times, and even in sad times, with love we will find a way. Nothing else matters but loving each other the way that we do today. Here in our world together, love will go on forever. Warm in the shelter of my arms, darling, you'll always be. Love, I will give you love. Come live your life with me.
Walter Kent -  Eberhard Storch - Harry Parr-Davies  , Nat Burton - John Turner & Geoffrey Parsons - Harry Parr-Davies, Phil Park.xml
There'll be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Do ver to mor row when the world is free there'll be love and laugh ter and peace ev er af ter to mor row just you wait and see the shep herd will tend his sheep, the vall eys will bloom a gain and Jim my will go to sleep in his own lit tle room againthere'll be blue birds o ver the white cliffs of Do ver to mor row when the world is free. Auf Wiederseh'n auf wiederseh'n we"ll meet again sweetheart this lovely day has flown away the time has come to part we'll kiss again like this again dont let the tear drops start with love so true I'll wait for you Auf wiederseh'n sweetheart.Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye cheerio here I go on my way wish me luck as you wave me goodbye not a tear, but a cheer make it gay give me a smile I can keep all the while in my heart while I'm away till we meet once again you and I wish me luck as you wave me goodbye.
Vincent Youmans, William Rose, Edward Eliscu - Without A Song.xml
Without a song the day would never end, Without a song the road would never bend, When things go wrong a man ain't got a friend, Without a song. That field of corn would never see a plough, That field of corn would be a desert now, A darky's born, But he's no good nohow without a song. I got my troubles and woe but sure as I know the Jordan will roll, I'll get along as long as a song is strong in my soul. I'll never know what makes the rain to fall, I'll never know what makes the grass so tall, I on ly know there ain't no love at all without a song. (Instrumental) I only know there ain't no love at all without a song.
Carey - ABBA FATHER.xml
AB BA AB BA Fath er You are the pot ter and we are the clay the work of your hands Mold us Mold us and fash ion us in to the im age of Jes us your son of Jes us your son
Boorer, Morrissey - I'M THROWING MY ARMS AROUND PARIS.xml
in the ab sense of your love and in the ab sense of hum an touch I have de cid ed that I'M THROW ING MY ARMS A ROUND A ROUND PAR IS be cause on ly stone and steel ac cept my love  in the ab sense of your smil ling face I have trav eled all ov er the place Yes! You've made your self plain! Yes! You've made your self ve ry plain.
John Reading - O Come All Ye Faithful.xml
O come all ye faithful, joy ful and tri tri um phant come ye, o come ye to Beth le hem. Come and behold Him, born the King of An gels, O come let us a dore Him, O come let us a dore Him, O come let us a dore Him, Christ the Lord. Sing choirs of angels, sing in exal ta tion, sing all ye citizens hea ven a bove; Glory to God in the high est, Lord.
Agustin Lara, English by Dorothy Dodd - Granada.xml
Granada, I'm falling under your spell, And if you could speak what a fascinating tale you would tell, Of an age the world has long forgotten, Of an age that weaves a silent magic in Granada today! The dawn in the sky greets the day with a sigh for Granada, For she can remember the splendour that once was Granada, It still can be found in the hills all around as I wander along, Entranc'd by the beauty before me, En tranc'd by a land full of sunshine and flowers and song. And when day is done and the sun starts to set in Gra nada I envy the blush of the snowclad Sierra Nevada, For soon it will welcome the stars while a thousand guitar play a soft habanerra, Then moonlit Granada will live again the glory of yesterday, Romantic an gay!
John Foley - Dwelling Place.xml
I fall on my knees to the Father of Jesus, the Lord who has shown us the glory of God.  May Christ in His love give us strength for our living the strength of the Spirit the glory of God.  May Christ find a dwelling place of faith in our hearts. May our lives be rooted in love, rooted in love.  May grace and peace be yours in God our Father, and in the Son.  I fall on my knees to the Father of Jesus, the Lord who has shown us the glory of God. May Christ find a dwelling place of faith in our hearts. May our lives be rooted in love, rooted in love.
Edvarg Grieg, Wright, Forrest., Adaptation by Robert Wright and George Forrest - Strange Music (from Song Of Norway).xml
Stange music in my ears only now as you spoke did it start Strange music of the spheres Could its lovely hum be coming from my heart You appear and I hear song sublime Song that I'mincapable of So dear let me hold you near While we treasure ev'ry measure so that time can never change The strange new music of love
Antonio Carlos Jobim - The Girl from Ipanema.xml
Tall and tan and young and lovely, The Girl from Ipanema goes walking and when she passes, each one she passes goes "ah!" When she walks she's like a samba that swings so cool and sways so gentle, that when she passes, each one she passes goes "ah!" Oh, but I watch her so sadly. How can I tell her I love her? Yes, I would give my heart gladly but each day when she walks to the sea, she looks straight ahead not at me. Tall and tan and young and lovely, the Girl From Ipanema goes walking and when she passes I smile, but she doesn't see She just doesn't see No, she doesn't see
Al Stillman, Ervin Drake, Irvin Graham, Jimmy Shirl - I Believe.xml
I Believe for ev'ry drop of rain that falls a flower grows. I Believe that somewhere in the darkest night, a candle glows. I Believe for ev'ry one who goes astray someone will come to show the way. I Believe I Believe. I Believe above the storm the smallest pray'r will still be heard. I Believe that someone in the great somewhere hears ev'ry word. Ev'ry time I hear a newborn baby cry, or touch a leaf, or see the sky, Then I know why I Believe!
Nat Simon, Charles Tobias - The Old Lamplighter.xml
He made the night a little brighter wherever he would go The old lamp lighter of long long ago His snowyhair was so much whiteer beneath the candle glow the old lamplighter of long long ago You'd hear the patter of his feet as he came toddling down the street his smile would hide a lonely heart you see If there were sweethearts in the park he'd pass a lamp and leave it dark Remembering the days that used to be for he recalls when dreams were new, he loved someone who loved him too who walks with him alone in memory. He made the night a a little brighter whereever he would go the old lamp lighter of long long ago Now if you look up at the sky you'll understand the reason why the little stars at night are all aglow.
Traditional Negro Spiritual - Nobody Knows TheTrouble I've Seen.xml
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen Nobody knows my sorrow Nobody knoes the trouble I've sen Glory Halle lujah. Some times I'm up Some times I'mdown Oh, yes Lord Sometimes I'm almost to the groun' Oh yes Lord Nobody knows the trouble I.ve seen Nobody knows my sorrow No body knows the trouble I've been Glory Hal le lujah I wish that I could find away Oh yes Lord But life is just one long grey day Oh yes Lord Nobody knows the trouble I've seen Nobody knows my sorrow Nobody knows the trouble I've seen Glory Hal le lujah Glory Halle lujah
Robert Cobert, Charles Grean - Shadows Of The Night.xml
Shadows of the night falling silently. Echo of the past calling you to me. Haunting memory veiled in misty glow. Phantom melody playing soft and low. In this world that we know now life is here, then gone, but somewhere in the after glow love lives on and on. Dreams of long ago meet in rendezvous. Shadows of the night calling me to you. you.
Richard Leigh - Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue.xml
Don't know when I've been so blue, don't know what's come over you, you've found someone new and Don't it make my brown eyes blue I'll be fine when you're gone, I'll just cry all night long, say it isn't true and don't it make my brown eyes blue. Tell me no seccrets, tell me some lies, give me no reasons, give me alibies. Tell me you love me and don't let me cry, say anything but don't say goodbye. I didn't mean to treat you bad, didn't know just what I had but honey now I do and don't it make my brown eyes blue.
Scotty Wiseman wrote 1945 , Van Morrison born 1946 - Have I Told You Lately.xml
Have I told you lately that I love you? Have I told you there's no one else above you? Fill my heart with gladness take away all my sadness, ease my troubles that's what you do. For the mornnin sun in all it's glory greets the day with hope and comfort too. You fill my life with laughter and somehow you make it better, ease my troubles that's what you do. There's al love that's divine and it's your's and it's mine like the sun. And at the end of the day we should give thanks and pray to the one, to the one. Have I to the one. And have I told you lately that I love you? Have I told you there's no one else above you You fill my heart with gladness take away my sadness, ease my troubles that's what you do. Take away all my sadness, fill my life with gladness, ease my troubles that's what you do. Take away all my sadness fill my heart with gladness ease my troules that's what you do.
Harry Pease, Ed G. Nelson, Gilbert Dodge - Peggy O'Neal.xml
If her eyes are blue as skies, Tha's Peggy O'Neal, If she's smiling all the while, That's Peggy O'Neal, If she walks like a sly little rogue, If she talks with a cute little brogue, Sweet personality, full of reality, That's Peggy O' Neal. Neal.
Bill Bird, Henri Woode, Teddy McRae - Broadway.xml
Broadway Broadway Ev'rybody's happy and gay, where the night is brighter than day, all along Broadway. Sweethearts and beaus on their way to movies and shows, dressed up in their Sunday best clothes, up and down Broadway. Out of town I'm low down when I walk along the main street. Anywhere I don't care, but I always find a main street just another plain street. Broadway Broadway Take a little time out for play where the joy of living holds sway all along Broadway.
Alec Wilder, William Engvick - Moon and Sand.xml
Deep is the midnight sea. Warm is the fragrant land. Sweet are your lips to me. Soft as the moon and sand. Oh when will we meet again When the night has left us will the spell remain? Though waves invade the shore Though we may kiss no more. Night is at our command Moon and sand and the glory of love.
Mabel Wayne, Sam M Lewis, Joe Young - In a little Spanish town.xml
In a little Spanish town, twas on a night like this stars were peekabooing down twas on a night like this I whispered be true to me and she sighed Si Si many skies have turned to gray because we're far apart Many moons have passed away and still she's in my heart we made a promise and sealed it with a kiss In a little Spanish town twas on a night like this.
traditional:  earliest known version by John Bull (1562 - 1628) - God Save the King.xml
God save our gracious King, Long live our noble King, God save the King. Send him victorious, Happy and glorious, Long to reign over us, God save the King.  O, Lord our God arise, Scatter his enemies And make them fall; Confound their politics, frustrate their knavish tricks, On him our hopes we fix, God save us all.
Al Jacobs, Jimmy Brewster, Jimmie Crane - If I Give My Heart To You.xml
If I give my heart to you will you handle it with care? will you always treat me tenderly and in evry way be fair? if I give my heart to you will you give me all your love? will you swear that you'll be true to me by the light that shines above? and will you sigh with me when I'm sad smile with me when I'm glad and always be as you are with me tonight think it over and be sure please don't answer til you do When you promise all these things to me then I'll give my heart to you.
Charles Strouse, Lee Adams - This is The Life.xml
This is the life! Here's where the livin' is! This is the life! Baby, you're there! This is the life! You've waited long enough. Man, you've arrived, breathe in that air! Wine and perfume, silver and candlelight. Children make way, I'm here to stay! Nothin' but class, that's how it's gonna be! This is the life for me. House at the beach. Dinners at Twenty one. Head waiters smile when you walk in. Handtailored suits, shirts with your monagram, feel of real silk next to your skin. Top of the heap, first cabin all the way. How sweet the song when you belong.
Antonio Carlos Jobim, John Hendricks, Jessie Cavanaugh - Desafinado.xml
Love is like a never ending melody, poets have compared it to a symphony. A symphony conductted by the lighting of the moon, but our song of love is slightly out of tune. Once our kisses raised me to a fever pitch, now the orchestration doesn't seem so rich. Seems to me you've changed the tune we used to sing, like the Bossa Nova love should swing. We used to harmonise two souls in perfect time, now the song is diff''rent 'and the words donm't even rhyme. 'Cause you forgot the meody our hearts would always croon and so what good's a heart that's slightly out of tune. Tune your heart to mine the way it used to be, join with me in harmony and sing a song of loving. We're bound to get in tune again before too long, there'll be no desafinado when your heart belongs to me completely. Then you won't be slightly our ot tune, you'll sing along with me.
Mikky Ekko & Justin Parker - Stay.xml
All allong it was a fever A cold sweat hotheaded believer I threw my hands in the air and said "Show me something" He said "If you dare come a little closer." Round and around and around and around we go Oh now tell me now tell me now tell me now you know Not really sure how to feel about it Something in the way you move Makes me feel like I can't live without you It takes me all the way I want you to stay It's not much of a life you're living It's not just something you take, it's given. Round and around and around and around we go Oh now tell me now tell me now tell me now you know Not really sure how to feel about it Something in the way you move Makes me feel like I can't live without you It takes me all the way I want you to stay Oh the reason I hold on Oh cause I need this hole gone Funny you're the broken one but I'm the only one who needed saving Cause when you never see the light it's hard to know which one of us is caving Not really sure how to feel about it Something in the way you move Makes me feel like I can't live without you It takes me all the way I want you to stay Stay I want you to stay
Irving Berlin - You'd Be Surprised.xml
Johnny was bashful and shy Nobody understood why Mary loved him All the other girls passed him by Ev'ryone wanted to know How she could pick such a beau With a twinkle in her eye She made this reply. He's not so good in a crowd but when you get him alone, You'd be surprised, he isn't much at a glance but then when he takes you home, You'd be surprised. He doesn't look like much of a lover, but don't judge a book by it's cover, he's got the face of an angel but there's a devil in his eye, He's such a delicate thing but when he starts in to squeeze, You'd be surprised he doesn't look very strong but when you sit on his knee, You'd be surprised At a party or at a ball I've got to admit he's nothing at all but in a morris chair, You'd be surprised.
Jack Lawrence, Emery Deutsch, Arthur Altman - Play Fiddle,Play.xml
Play Fiddle, Play, play my loved one a melody, sing to my love, while the stars swing above. Play Fiddle, Play, sing my loved one a rhapsody, play on the strings of her heart. The campfires are gleaming, as red as the sun, and my heart keeps dreaming, just dreaming of one. So softly croon, while the moon weaves our two hearts in harmony, Play Fiddle, Play to my love.
Michael Combs 1999 - Drinking From My Saucer.xml
I've ne ver made a for tune It's prob ly too late now Oh, but I don't wor ry a bout that much 'cause I'm hap py a ny how as I go a long life's jour ney I'm reaping bet ter than I sowed I'm drink ing from my sau cer 'cause my cup has o ver flowed. Ain't got a lot of ri ches Some times the go ins rough But I've got a friend in Je sus and that makes me rich e nough I thank God for all His bles sings and teh merch that He's be stowed I'm drink ing from my sau cer 'cause my cup has o ver flowed So Lord help me not to grum ble and com plain a bout the tough rows I have ho ed I'm drink in' from my sau cer 'cause my cup has o ver flowed So Lord help me not to grum ble and com plain a bout the tough rows I have ho ed I'm drink in' from my sau cer 'cause my cup has o ver flowed and if I should go on liv in' if the way gets steep and rough I won't ask for o ther bles sings 'cause I'm al rea dy blessed e nough May I ne ver be too bu sy to help a noth er bear his load and I'll keep drink ing from my sau cer 'cuae my cup has o ver flowed Yes, I'll keep drink in from my sau cer Lord 'cause my cup has o ver flowed my cup has o ver flowed
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Strike Up The Band.xml
Let the drums roll out! Let the trumpet call! While the people shout! Strike up the band! Hear the cymbals ring! Calling one and all To the martial swing Stike up the band! There is work to be done, to be done! There's a war to be won, to be won! Come, you sonofa, sonofa gun! Take your stand! Fall in line, yea bo! Come along let's go! Hey! Leader! Strike up the band! Let the Yankee Doo, Doodleoo, Doodleoo, We'll come thru, Doodleoo, Doodleoo, For the red, white, and blue, Doodleoo, Lend a hand! With our flag unfurled, For a brave new world! Hey! Leader Strike up the band!
Victor Herbert, Henry Blossom - Neapolitan Love Song.xml
Sweet one! How my heart is yearning Ever with you to be! Lovelight in your dear eyes burning, steadfast, faithful and true tyo me! Tell me When shall I again caress you? Kiss you? Only tell me when? Ah me! I long to press you, Darling, fondly within my arms again! 'Tis ev'ning and the sun is at rest, The shadows now fall. In the heavens a radiant star is shining And softly as the night drops her sable mantle o'er all, There's a nightingale singing of his love for a rose! Madly my heart is beating As I long for my hour of meeting! Vision of beauty and grace! I await your em brace! Ah! vien! Seimia! within my arms again!
Stephen Foster - Beautiful Dreamer.xml
Beautiful dreamer wake unto me starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee Sounds of the runde world heard in the day Lull'd by the moonlight have all passed a way! Beautiful dreamer queen of my song list while I woo thee with soft melody
Malvina Reynolds - Little Boxes.xml
Littleboxes on the hillside little boxes made of ticky tacky little boxes little boxes little boxes all the same theres a green one and a pink one and a blue one and a yellow one and they're all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same, and the people in the houses all go to the university and they all get put in boxes little boxes all the same and there doctors ad thers lawyers and bus'ness executives and theyre all made out of tickky tackky and they all look just the and they all play on the golf course and drink their mar tinidry and they all have pretty children and their children go to school and the children go to summer camp and then to the univer sity and they all get put in box es and they all come out the same and the boys go into bus'ness and marry and raise,a family and they all get put in boxes little boxes all the same theres a green one and a pink one and a blue one and a yellow one and theyre all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same
Gordon Jenkins - This Is All I Ask.xml
As I approach the prime of my life, I find I have the time of my life learnning to enjoy at my leisure all the simple pleasures so I happily concede This Is All I Ask this is all I need. Beautiful girls walk a little slower when you walk by me. Lingering sunset stay a little longer with the lonely sea. Children ev'rywhere, when you shoot at bad men, shoot at me. Take me to that strange, enchanted land grownups seldim understand, Wandering rainbows leave a bit of color for my heart to own, Stars in the sky make my wish come true before the night has flown, And let the music play as long as there's a song to sing And I will stay younger than spring. Soft spoken men speak a little softer when you speak to me. spring.
Sam Coslow - If You Can't Sing It (You'll Have To Swing It).xml
The concert was over in Deutchlandhalle, the maestro took bow after bow, He said, "My dear friends, I have given my all. I'm sorry, it's all over now." When from the balcony way up high, there suddenly came a mournful cry Oh, Mister Paganini, please play my rhapsody. And if you cannot play it, won't you sing it? And if you can't sing it you'll simply have to brudit ndidoodleyadoodidrubibow, oolyoaalyaaalyaaah. Listen, Paganini, we breathlessly await your masterfull baton. Go on, and swing it. And if you can't swing it, you'll simply have to boopboodadeedadobaboopmbedeedoodeedle deelta doodadootdadootndoolyaow. We've heard your repertoire, and at the final bar, we greeted you with round applause. But what a great ovation, your interpretation of "I never blinked back at fireflies" would do. So Pafanini, don't you be a meanie. What have you up your sleeve? Come on and spring it. And if you can't spring it, you'll simply have to eetndeetndooditnditdooboobooie. Booditndiditndooditndiditndiditndidindideedadodo. doobeyoobedoobadoobedebadatda, badoobadoobeyoobadabadoobeyabado Listen Paganini now, don't you be a meanie. What have you up your sleeve? Come on and spring it And if you can't spring it you'll simply have to swing it
Ricardo & Chantal, You are Cordially invited to share in our special day on the 1st January 2011 - The Wedding Song.xml
I've been having dreams and visions in them you are always standing right beside me I reach out for your hand To see your arms extending Outstretched towards me For you I don the veil By your light others pale by compa rison I place my faith in love My fate in this communion To you I give my pledge I honor all that's good in this life we're living To think not only for myself But of greater union Can I get a witness there's salvation and rapture for the lonely Can I get a witness bless this day sacred and holy Sacred and holy With you I am revealed All my shame all my faults and my virtues Behold body mind and spirit but I'm so devoted all to you Can I get a witness there's salvation and rapture for the lonely Can I get a witness bless this day sacred and holy Sacredand holy
Don Gibson - I Can't Stop Loving You.xml
Those happy hours that we once knew, Though long ago, they still make me blue. They say that time heals a broken heart. But time has stood still since we've been apart. I cant stop loving you, I've made up my mind to live in memories of the lonesome kind. I cant stop wanting you, It's useless to say; So I'll just live my life in dreams of yesterday. Those happy I cant stop loving you, There's no use to try pretend there's someone new I can't live a lie. I cant stop wanting you The way that I do There's only one love for me, and that one love is you.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Fascinating Rhythm.xml
Fascinating rhythm You've got me on the go! fascinating rhythm I'm all a quiver what a mess you're making! the neighbors want to know why I'm always shaking just like a flivver each morning I get up with the sun (Start a hopping never stopping) to find at night no work has been done I know that once it didn't matter but now you're doing wrong when you start to patter I'm so unhappy Won't you take a day off? decide to run along somewhere far away off and make it snappy Oh how I long to be the man I used to be! Fascinating rhythm Oh wont you stop picking on me!
Charles Trenet, Jack Lawrence - Beyond the Sea.xml
Somewhere beyond the sea somewhere waiting for me my lover stands on golden sands and watches the ships that go sailing Somewhere beyond the sea {He's} there watching for me if I could fly like birds on high then straight to {his} arms I'd go sailing It's far beyond a star it's near beyond the moon I know beyond a doubt, my heart will lead me there soon we'll meet beyond the shore we'll kiss just as before happy we'll be beyond the sea and never again I'll go sailing {She's} {her}
Irving King & Hal Swain - Show Me The Way To Go Home.xml
Show me the way to go home. I.m tired and I want to go to bed. I had a little drink about an hour ago, and it's gone right to my head. Whereever I may roam, on land or sea or foam, You can always hear me singing this song. Show me the way to go home. home.
Johnny S. Black 1930 - Paper Doll.xml
I'm gonna buy a paper doll that I can call my own, a doll that other fellows cannot steal. And then those flirty, flirty guys with those flirty, flirty eyes, will have to flirt with dollies that are real. When I come home at night, she will be waiting. She'll be the truest doll in all this world. I'd rather have a paper doll to call my own than have a fickleminded real live girl. I'm gonna
John Barry - Born free.xml
Born free as free as wind blows as free as grass grows born to fol low your heart Live free and beau ty su rounds you the world stil a stounds you each time you look at a star Stay free where no walls di vide you you're free as the roaring tide so theres no need to hide Born free and life is worth living but on ly worth living 'cause you're born free. C
George Gershwin, Arthur J. Jackson, B.G. DeSylva - Nobody But You.xml
Many queens I have seen On the stage and the screen, Who would never do___ : Billie Burke, Alice Joyce, none of them were my choice. But when I met you______ ___  My thumping heart From the very start Knew right away dear. That's why I say, dear Nobody but   you____ ____ __ Nobody will do__ __ __ I have seen them all, But didn't fall Until I saw you. Who's locked in my heart?__ __ __ Who's my little Yum Yum? Honey tell me, who? You know it's nobody but you.__ you.___
Billy Joel - She's Always a Woman.xml
She can kill with a smile she can wound with her eyes she can ruinyour faith with her casual lies And she only reveals what she wants you to see She hides like a child but she's always a woman to me She can lead you to love she can take you or leave you She can ask for the truth but she'll never believe you And she'll take what you give her as long as it's free Yeah she steals like a thief but she's always a woman to me Oh she takes care of herself she can wait if she wants she's ahead of her time Oh and she never gives out and she never gives in she just changes her mind And she'll promise you more than the garden of Eden Then she'll carelessly cut you and laugh while you're bleedin' But she brings out the best and the worst you can be Blame it all on yourself cause she's always a woman to me Mm She is frequently kind and she's suddenly cruel She can do as she pleases she's nobody's fool But she can't be convicted, she's earned her degree And the most she will do is throw shadows at you but she's always a woman to me Mm
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Oh Lady Be Good.xml
Oh, sweet and lovely lady, be good! Oh lady be good to me. I am so awf'ly misunderstood, so lady be good to me. Oh, please have some pity, I'm all alone in this big city. I tell you I'm just a lonesome babe in the wood, so lady be good to me! Oh sweet and lovely lady be good! Oh lady be good to me. I am so awf'ly misunderstood. so lady be good to me. This is tulip weather so let's put two and two together. I tell you I'm just a lonesome babe in the wood, so lady be good to me!
Frank Loesser - Once In Love With Amy.xml.1
Once in love with Amy always in love with Amy ever and ever fascinated by 'er sets your heart afire to stay once you're kissed by Amy tear up your list its Amy ply her with bobons poetry and flowers moon a million hours a way you might be quite the fickleheart ed rover so carefree and bold who loves a girl and later thinks it over and just quite cold but once in love with Amy always in love with Amy ever and ever sweetly you'll romance 'er trouble is the answer will be that Amy'd rather stay in love with me.
Neil Enlow 1974, Neil Enlow - The Statue of Liberty.xml
In New York har bor stands a la dy with a torch raise to the sky and all who see her know she stands for lib er ty for you and me I'm so proud to be called an Am er i can to be named with the brave and the free I will hon or the flag and our trust in God and the Sta tue of Lib er ty on lone ly Gol goth a stood a cross with my Lord raised to the sky and all who kneel there live for ev er all the saints can tes ti fy I'm so glad to be called a Christ ian to be named with the ran somed and whole As the sta tue lib er ated the cit i zen so the cross lib er ates the soul oh the cross is my Sta tue of Lib er ty it was there that my soul was set free un a shamed I'll pro claim that a rug ged cross is my Sta tue of Lib er ty
Wayne M  Duncan, Freddy Fender - Wasted days and wasted nights.xml
Wasted days and wasted nights I have left for you behind for you don't belong to me your heart belongs to someone else why should I keep loving blame for making me blue dont you remember the day that you went away and left me was so lonely prayed for you only my love why should I keep loving you when I know that you're not true and why should I call your name when you're the blame for making me blue.
Charlie Black, Rory Bourke - Shadows In The Moonlight.xml
We'll be shadows in the moonlight darling I'll meet you at midnight hand in hand we'll go dancin throught the milky way and we'll find a little hidea way where we can love the whole night away we'll be shadows in the moonlight right up 'til the light of day Ooo the night is young and baby so are we glad I'm gonna make you glad you came Ooo you wont need a thing just bring your love for me and darlin I need do the same We'll be shadows in the moonlight darlin I'll meet you at midnight hand in hand we'll go dancin through the milky way Ooo you wont need a thing just bring your love for me you'll be glad you came just wait and see wait and see we'll be
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - Time after time.xml
What good are words I say to you? They can't convey to you what's in my heart If you could hear instead The things I've left unsaid Time after time I tell myself that I'm So lucky to be loving you So lucky to be The one you run to see In the evening, when the day is through I only know what I know The passing years will show You've kept my love so young, so new & time after time You'll hear me say that I'm So lucky to be loving you
Richard M. Jones - Trouble In Mind.xml
Trouble in mind, I'm blue, but I wont be blue always; 'Cos the sun gonna shine on my back door somday. I'm gonna lay my head on a lonesome rail road line, And let the Two Nine teen pacify my mind.
Arthur Sullivan, Adelaide A. Proctor - The Lost Chord.xml
Seated one day at the organ, I was weary and ill at ease, and my fingers wander'd Idly Over the noisy keys; I know not what I was playing, Or what I was Dreaming then, But I struck one chord of music, Like the sound of a great Amen Like the sound of a Great Amen. It flooded the crimson twilight, Like the close of an Angel's Psalm, And it lay on my fever'd spirit, With a touch of..... infinite calm, It quieted pain and sorrow, Like love overcoming strife, It seem'd the harmonious echo from our dis... ... cordant life, It link'd all perplexed meanings Into one perfect peace, And trembled away into silence, As if it were loth to cease: I have sought, but I seek it vainly, That one lost chord divine, Which came from the soul of the organ And enter'd into mine. It may be that Death's bright Angel Will speak in that chord again: It may be that only in Heav'n I shall hear that.. grand Amen It may be that Death's bright Angel will speak in that chord again, It may be that only in Heav'n I shall hear that grand Amen
John E. Volinkaty - Satin Sheets.xml
Satin sheets to lie on satin pillows to cry on still I'm not happy don't you see Big long Cadillacs tailor mades upon my back still I want you to set me free I've found another man who can give more than you can though you've given me evrything money can buy But your money can't hold me tight like he does on a long long night You know you didn't keep me satisfied. We've been through thick and thin together braved the fair and stormy weather We've had all the hard times you and I and now that I'm a big success you called today and you confessed and told me things that made me want to
Jerry Herman - I Won't Send Roses.xml
I won't send roses or hold the door; I won't remember which dress you wore. My heart is too much ic control, the lack of romance in my soul will turn you grey, kid, so stay away, kid. Forget my shoulder when you're in need. Forgetting birthdays is guaranteed. And should I love you, you woukd be the last to know. I won't send roses and roses suit you so.
Ervan Coleman, Johnny Flamingo - Tijuana Taxi.xml
Down in old Tijuana town theres this happy honking sound, something you just cant put down its the world renown Tijuana Taxi cab so youre not impressed you say with a beat up Chevrolet but that driver man Jose knows his way around Tijuana town hey, ya wanna swing (you just tell Jose) have yourself a fling (whatcha wanna play) meet some pretty thing? (any time you say) livin like a king! (long as you can pay) picture postcards "n hot tequila french perfume man from venezuela when youre on a Tijuana taxi ride give those bulls a great big hand. love that mariachi band but the best thing in the land is that hand me down Tijuana taxi cab hey ya wanna so ya swing and go for broke not a penny in your poke got no cigarettes to smoke but ya have your fling, the pretty thing and evrything is ringading OLei OLei
Matt Dennis, Tom Adair - The Night We Called It A Day.xml.1
There was a moon out in space, But a cloud drifted over it's face, You kissed me and went on your way, The night we called it a day. I heard the song of the spheres, Like a minor lament in my ears, I hadn't the heart left to pray, The night we called it a day. Soft thru' the dark, The hoot of an owl in the sky, Sad tho' his song, No bluer was he than I; The moon went down, Stars were gone, But the sun didn't rise with the dawn, There wasn't a thing left to say the night we called it a day. There was a night we called it a day.
John Green, Billy Rose and Edward Heyman - I Wanna Be Loved.xml
I wanna be loved with inspiration, I wanna be loved starting tonight. Instead of merely holding conversation, hold me tight. I wanna be loved I crave affection, those kisses of yours I'd gladly share. I want your eyes to shine in my direction, make me care! I want the kind of romance that should be strong and equally as tender I only ask for the chance to know the meaning of the word surren"der." I wanna be thrilled by only you dear. I wanna be thrilled by your caress. I wanna find each dream of mine come true, dear, I wanna be loved. I wanna be I wanna be kissed until I tingle, I wanna be kissed starting tonight, embrace me till our heart beats intermingle, wrong or right. I'm in the mood to adore; I'm ready for that well known turtle doving. I'm in no mood to resist and I insist the world owes me a loving. I wanna be thrilled to desperation, I wanna be thrilled starting tonight. With ev'ry kind of wonderful sensation, I wanna be loved.
Eddy Arnold, Jenny Lou Carson - C-H-R-I-S-T-M-A-S.xml.1
When I was but a youngster, Christmas meant one thing: that I'd be getting lots of toys that day. I learned a whole lot diff''rent when mother sat me down and taught me to spell Christmas this way: "C" is for the Christ child born upon this day. "H" for herald angels in the night. "R" means our Redeemer. "I" means Israel "S" is for the star that shone so bright. "T" is for three wisemen, they who traveled far. "M" is for the manger where He lay. "A"'s for all He stands for. "S" means shepherds came, and that's why there's a Christmas day
Milton Dodson, 1956 - I Want to Stroll Over Heaven With You.xml
If I'd sur vey all the good ness that comes to me from a bove and would I count all the bless ings from out the store hous of love I'd sim ply ask for one fav or of Him be yond mor tal kin I'm sure He'd grant it a gain and a gain I want to stroll o ver hea ven with you some glad day when all our trou bles and heart aches have sure ly van sihed a way there we'll en joy all that beau ty where all things are new I want to stroll o ver hea ven with you so man y plac es of beau ty we've longed to see here be low but time and trea sures have kep us from mak ing plans as you know but come the morn ing of rap ture to ge ther we'll stand a new I want to stroll ov er heav en with you. I want to stroll o ver hea ven with you some glad day when all our trou bles and heart aches have sure ly van sihed a way there we'll en joy all that beau ty where all things are new I want to stroll o ver hea ven with you
Jud Strunk - A Daisy A Day.xml
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Irving Berlin - What'll I Do?.xml
Gone is the romance that was so divine. 'Tis broken and cannot be mended. You must go your way and I must go mine. But now that our lovedreams have endded. What'll I do when you are far away and I am blue, What'll I do? What'll I do when I am won d;ring who is kissing you, What'll I do? What'll I do with just a photograph to tell my troubles to? When I'm alone with only dreams of you that won't come true, What'll I do?
Novastar - Mars needs Woman.xml
Hey commander your cadet only a rookie and you're a vet got this ship kinda like my car Hey commander new to the game called survival What's my name For this mission Behind bars Don't you know getting kind of strange Mars needs woman Can that be arranged? So you best buckle up Be fore you hit the roof Mars needs woman Needs woman too Climb aboard with the speed of light See the stars before it gets night Hang on tight The earth's gonna move Hey commander your cadet I'm only trying But not quite the yet I've got this cause It kinda seems so far. Don't you know getting kind of strange Mars needs woman Can that be arranged? Oh you best buckle up Be fore you hit the roof Mars needs woman Needs woman too Don't you know get ting kind of strange Mars needs woman Can that be arranged? Oh mo buckle up Gonna hit the roof Mars needs woman Needs woman too It's floating It's Floating It's floating It's floating It's floating
Jules Styne, Sammy Cahn - The Things We Did Last Summer.xml.1
The boat rides we would take, the moonlight on the lake, the way we danced and hummed our fav'rite song, the things we did last summer, I'll remember all winter long. The midway and the fun, the kewpie dolls we won, the bell I rang to prove that I was strong, the things we did last summer, I'll remember all winter long. The early morning hike, the rentedtandem bike, the lunches that we used to pack; we never could explain that sudden summer rain; the looks we got when we got back. The leaves began to fade like promises we made; how could a love that seemed so right go wrong? The things we did last summer, I'll remember all winter long.
Matt Malneck, Fud Livingston, Gus Kahn - I'm Through With Love.xml
I'm through with love, I'll never fall again. Said adieu to love, don't ever call again. For I must have you or no one, and so I'm through with love. I've locked my heart I'll keep my feelings there. I have stocked my heart with icy, frigid air. And I mean to care for no one, because I'm through with love. Why did you lead me to think you could care? You didn't need me for you had your share of slaves around you and hound you and swear with deep emotion, devotion to you. Goodbye to spring and all it's meant to me It can never bring the thing that used to be. For I must have you or no one, and so I'm through with love.
Irving Berlin - For The Very First Time.xml
For the very first time, I find the first time, I, I'm head over heels in love. For the very first time, I know that the last time was ev'rything else but love. For the very first time, there wont be a next time. My romancing dads are all through. All my love affairing was simply preparing to love for the first time, you. you.
Walter Blaufuss, Gustave Kahn, Egbert Van Alstyne - Your Eyes Have Told Me So.xml
(I) saw your eyes, your wonderful eyes with lovelight and tenderness beaming, They thrill'd me through, fill'd me too with wonderful dreams (I) am dreaming. No need to speak, no more shall (I) seek for my heart has taught me their meaning and love has come at last (I) know Your EyesHave Told Me So
Bill Kenny  - I'm Heading Back To Paradise .xml
I'M HEADING BACK TO PARADISE Sweetheart I'm coming home to you. I'm tired of roaming on through life my heart keeps crying out for you. I've traveled far across the sea in search of fame and fortunes told the sands of time have beckoned me and still I strive to reach my goal. Day after day I keep wondering while my poor heart beats' thundering thundering Please take me home to heavens blue there let us live our whole life through I'M HEADING BACK TO PARADISE sweetheart I'm coming home to you I'M HEADING coming home to you!
Benny Anderson, Bjorn Valaeus, Stig Anderson - Honey, Honey.xml
Honey, honey how you thrill me aha Honey, honey honey honey nearly kill me aha honey honey I'd about you before I wanted to know some more and now I know what they mean you're a lovemachine (Oh you make me dizzy) honey honey touch me baby aha honey honey honey honey hold me ba by a ha honey honey You heard like a mov ie star but I know just how you are and honey to say the least you're a doggone beast. I dont wanna hurt you baby I dont wanna see you cry so stay on the ground girl you better not get too high m but I'm gonna stick to you boy you'll never get rid of me there's no other place in this world where I ra ther would be.
Walter Donaldson, Sam Lewis & Joe Young - My Mammy.xml
Ev'ry thing seems lovely When you start to roam The birds are singing the day that you stray But wait until you are further away Things won't be so lovely When you're all alone Here's what you'll keep saying When you're far from home. Mammy Mammy The sun shines East the sun shines west, But I've just learned where the sun shines best. Mammy Mammy My heart strings are tangled around Alabamy. I'se a comin' sorry that I made you wait. I'se a comin' hope and pray I'm not too late. Mammy Mammy I'd walk a million miles for one of your smiles my Mammy We all start our travels searching for a friend If you went searching down deep in your mind You know you just left the best pal behind After all our travels Where do we all wend Back home to our first love At the journey's end.my.
Louis Alter, Harold Adamson - Manhattan Serenade.xml
That night in Manhattan was the start of it, We lived it and we loved ev'ry part of it; The glow of moonlight in the park, The lights that spelled your name, The autumn breeze that fanned the spark that set our hearts aflame. Our kiss was a sky ride to the highest stars, We made it without touching the handle bars. And I give you my love to the melody of The music, the madness that made our Manhattan Serennade. nade.
Stevie Wonder - Isn't She Lovely.xml
Isn't she lovely isn't she wonerful? Isn't she precious, less than one minute old I never thought thru love we'd be making one as lovly as she But isn't she lovely made from love? (3) Isn't she pretty truly the angels' best? Boy, I'm so happy we have been heaven blest I can't believe what God has done through us he's given life to one (2) Isntshe lovely life and love are the same Life is Aisha the meaning of her name, Londie, it could have not been done without you who conceived the one that's so very lovely mad from Love. (4) instrumental
Kay Twomey, Al Goodhart, Al Urbano - Serenade Of The Bells.xml
People think that miracles cant happen but it seems to me they often do All you need is faith to make them happen Listen while I tell of one to you In the sleepy town of San Rosita Theres a story that a padre tells Of a gay senor and senorita and the Seranade of the bells Seems they asked the padre for permission to be married early in the spring But their folks had make just one condition that the mission bells had to ring Ev'ryone knew the bells were broken and hadnt sounded for a long long time Then one night the village was astounded for the bells began to chime Still the bells are broken goes the story but if in your heart a true love dwells They will ring for you in all their Glory thats the Serenade of the bells. bells.
McHugh - Exactly Like You.xml
I know why I waited, know why I've been true. Prayed each night for someone exactly like you. Why should we spend money, on a show or two? Noone does those love scenes exactly like you. You make me feel so grand, I want to give the world to you. You seem to understand each foolish little scheme I'm scheming dream I'm dreaming I know why my mother taught me to be true she meant me for someone exactly like you
Benny Golson - I remember Clifford.xml
I know he'll never be forgoten He was a king uncrown'd I know I'll always remember the warmth of his sound lingering long, I'm sure he's still around For those who heard they repeat him yet so those who hear won't forget the sound of his phrase echoes a time uncountable by days The things he played are with us now and they'll endure should time allow Oh yes, I remember Clifford I seem to always hear him near somehow Ev'ry day I hear his lovely tone in ev'ry trumpet sound that has a beauty all its own so how can we say someone so real has really gone away? I hear him now and always will, believe me, I remember Clifford still(Instrumental)
Umberto Bindi, Carl Sigman - You're My World.xml
You're my world, you're ev'ry breath I take, You're my world you're ev'ry move I make. Other eyes see the stars up in the skies, But for me they shine within your eyes, As the trees reach for the sun above, So my arms reach out to you for love. With your hand resting in mine, I feel a power sodivine. You're my world, you are my night, my day, You're my world, you're ev'ry prayer I pray. If our love ceases to be, Then it's the end of my world for me. You're my end of my world, End of my world, It's the end for me.
Gene MacLellan 1969, Gene MacLellan - Snowbird.xml
Beneath this snowy mantle cold and clean the unborn grass lies waiting for its coat to turn to green the snowbird sings the song he always sings and speaks to me of flowers that will bloom again in spring when I was young my heart was young then too any thing that it would tell me thats the thing that I would do but now I feel such emptiness within for the thing I want the most in life isthe thing that I cant
Bert Kaempfert & Kurt Schwabach, Milt Gabler (English) - Danke Schoen.xml
Danke Schoen Darling danke schoen Thank you for all the joy and pain Picture shows second balcony was the place we'd meet second seat go Dutch treat, you were sweet. Danke Schoen Darling danke schoen Thankyou for funny cards from Spain I recall Central Park in fall How you tore your dress, What a mess, I confess that's not all Danke Schoen Darling danke schoen Thank you for walks down Lov ers Lane I can see hearts carved on a tree Letters intertwined for all time yours and mine that was fine Danke Schoen Darling dank e schoen Thank you for seeing me again. Tho' we go on our sep'rate ways Still the mem'ry stays for always My heart says danke schoen weidersehn, danke schoen.
David Binion - O for a Thousand Tongues.xml
Glory to the Lamb Whose throne forever reigns. God in the highest, Worthy to merit our praise. O for a thousand tongues to sing Praises unto Thee. O for a thousand hands to raise in honor to the King. We crown You with singing; Our lips shall utter Your praise In humble adoration; In endless refrain. O for a thousand tongues to sing Praises unto Thee. O for a thousand hands to raise in honor to the King. O for a thousand hands to raise in honor to the King. O for a thousand hands to raise in honor to the King.
Street, Morrissey - INTERESTING DRUG.xml
There are some bad peo ple on the rise There are some bad bad peo ple on the rise They're sav ing their own skins by Ru'in ing peo ple's lives Bad, bad peo ple on the rise Young mar ried cou ple in debt ev er felt had? Young mar ried cou ple in debt ev er felt had? On a gov ern ment scheme de signed to kill your dreams Oh mum, Oh Dad Once poor Al ways poor la la la la an in ter est ing Drug The one that you took tell the truth it real ly helped you an In ter est ing Drug The one that you took Gosh it real ly real ly helped you You won der why we're on ly half as hamed be cause en ough is too much and look ar ound Can you blame us Can you blame us? On a
Alan Menken, Howard Ashman - Under the Sea.xml
The seaweed is always greener in somebody else's lake You dream about going up there. But that is a big mistake Just look at the world around you, right here on the ocean floor such wonderful things around you what more is you lookin' for? under the sea under the sea Darlin' it's better down where it's wetter Take it from me. Up on the shore they work all day Out in the sun they slave away While we devotin' fulltime to floatin' under the sea. Down here all the fish is happy as off through the waves dey roll The fish on the land ain't happy They sad cause they in the bowl But fish in the bowl is lucky they in for a worser fate one day when the boss get hungry guess who gon' be on the plate. Nobody beat us fry us or eat us in fricasee We what the land folks loves to cook. Under the sea we off the hook. We got no troubles life in the bubbles under the sea.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - Am I In Love?.xml
Am I in love? Am I the victim of the thing that makes a tiger tender as a dove? There must be something wrong with me I know it. I.m fairly floating while I'm quoting poetry. Am I in love? Am I the victim of the magic of the moonlight and a million stars above? Am I in love? I only wish I knew, But if I am, then I'm in love with you.
Alex Harvey & Larry Collins - Delta Dawn.xml
DeltaDawn, what's that flower you have on? Could it be a faded rose from days gone by? And did I hear you say he was a meetin' you here today to take you to his mansion in the sky. She's fortyone and her daddy still calls her baby. All the folks around Brownsville say she's crazy. 'Cause she walks downtown with a suitcase in her hand, Lookin' for a mysterious darkhaired man. In her younger days they called her Delta Dawn, Prettiest woman you ever laid eyes on, Then a man of low degree stood by her side, And promised her he'd take her for his bride. Delta Dawn what's that flower you have on? Could it be a faded rose from days gone by? And did I hear you say he was a meetin' you here today to take you to his mansion in the sky.
Jule Styne, Frank Loesser - I Don't Want To Walk Without You .xml
I don't want to walk without you, Baby; Walk without my arms about you, Baby I thought the day you left me behind, I'd tak a stroll and get you right off my mind. But now I find that I don't want to walk without the sunshine; Why'd you have to turn off all that sunshine? Oh, baby, please come back or you'll break my heart for me, 'Cause I don't want to walk without you, No siree. ee
Ed Haley - The Fountain in the Park.xml
While strolling thru the park one day in the merry merry month of May I was taken by surprise by a pair of roguish eyes in the moment my poor heart was stole away A smile was all she gave to me We were happy as can be I im mediately raised my hat and finally she remarked I never shall forget that lovely afternoon I met her at the fountain in the park.
Barry Gibb, Maurice Gibb & Robin Gibb - Massachusetts (The Lights Went Out).xml
Feel I'm going back to Massa chusetts; something's telling me I must go home. And the lights all went out in Massachusetts the day I left her standing on her own. Tried to hitch a ride to San Francisco; got to do the things I wanna do, And the lights all went out in Massachu setts they brought me back to see my way with you. I will remember Massa chusetts.
Henry Mayer, English by Johnny Mercer, German Lyrics by Hans Bradtke - Summer Wind.xml
The summer wind came blowing in across the sea, It lingered there to touch your hair and walk with me. All summer long we sang a song and strolled the golden sand, Two sweethearts and the summer wind. Like painted kites the days and night went flying by, The world was new beneath a blue umbrella sky. Then softer than a piper man one day it called to you, I lost you to the summer wind. The autumn wind, the winter winds have come and gone, And still the days, the lonely days go on and on. And guess who sighs his lullabies through nights that never end, My fickle friend, the summer wind, the summer wind, the summer
Dino Fekaris, Freddie Perren - I Will Survive.xml
First I was afraid I was petrified kept thinkin' I could never live without you by my side but then I spent so many nights thinkin' how you did me wrong, and I grew strong and I learned how to get along, And so you're back from outer space I just walked in to find you here with that sad look upon your face I should have changed that stupid look I should have made you leave your key if I'd yet known for just one second you'd be back to bother me, Go on now go walk out the door Just turn around now, 'cause you're not welcome any more Weren't you the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye Did you think I'd crumble, did you think I'd lay down and die? Oh no not I I will survive for as long as I know how to love I know I'll stay alive I've got all my life to live, I've got all my love to give and I'll survive I will survive Hey! Hey! It took
Freddie Mercury - Bohemian Rhapsody.xml
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? Caught in a landslide. No escape from reality. Open your eyes. Look up to the skies and see. I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy. Because I'm easy come, easy go. Little high, little low. Any way the wind blows doesn't really matters to me, to me. Mama just killed a man. Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead. Mama, life had just begun. But now I've gone and thrown it all away. Mama, ooh. Didn't mean to make you cry. If I'm not back again this time tomorrow, carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters. Too late, my time has come. Sends shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time. Goodbye, I"ve got to go. Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth. Mama, ooh. I don't want to die. I sometimes wish I'd never been born at I see a little silhouetto of a man. Scaramouche. Scaramouche, will you do the Fanfango. Thunderbolt and lightning, very very fright'ning me. Gallileo. Gallileo, Gallileo figaro Magnifico. I"m just a poor boy and nobody loves me. He's just a poor boy from a poor family. Spare him his life from this monstrosity. Easy come, easy go, will you let me go. Bismimlah! No, we will not let you go. Bismillah! We will not let you go. Bismillah! We will not let you go. Will not let you go. Will not let you go. Ah. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Mama mia let me go. Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me, for me, for me. So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye. So you think you can love me and leave me to die. Oh. baby, can't do this to me, baby. Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here Nothing really matters. Anyone can see. Nothing really matters. Nothing really matters to me. Any way the wind blows.
Harold Arlen, Yip Harburg - Over The Rainbow.xml
Somewhere over the rainbow, way up high, there's a land that I heard of once in a lullaby. Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue, and the dreams that you dare to dream really do come true. Some day I'll wish upon a star and wake up where the clouds are far behind me. Where troubles melt like lemon drops, away above the chimney tops, that's where you'll find me. Somewhere over the rainbow bluebirds fly. Birds fly over the rainbow, why then, oh why can't I?
Curtis Mayfield - people get ready.xml
People get ready, there's a train a coming, you don't need no baggage you just get on board. All you need is faith to hear the diesels humming. Don't need no ticket you just thank the lord.
Daniel Boone, Rod McQueen - Beautiful Sunday.xml
Sunday morn ing up with the lark I think I'll take a walk in the park Hey hey hey its a beautiful day! I've got someone waiting for me and when I see her I know that she'll say Hey hey hey its a beautiful day Hi hi hi beauti ful Sun day this is my my my beautiful day when you said said said said that you loved me oh my my my its a beautful day. Birds are sing ing you by my side Lets take a car and go for a ride Hay hey hey its a beautful day We'll drive on and follow the sun making Sunday go on and on Hay hey hey its a beautiful day
Riz Ortolani & Nini Oliviero, Norman Newell - More.xml
More than the greatest love the world has known; this is the love I'll give to you alone. More than the simple words I try to say; I only live to love you more each day. More than you'll ever know, my arms long to hold you so, my life will be in your keeping, wak ing, sleep ing, laughing, weeping. Longerthan always is a long, long time, but far beyond forever you'll be mine. I know I never lived before and my heart is very sure noone else could love you more.
Daniel Wilson, Adele - SOMEONE LIKE YOU.xml
I heard that you're set tled down That you found a boy and you're mar ried now I heard that your dreams came true Guess he gave you things I did n't give to you Old friend Why are you so shy Ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light I hate to turn up out of the blue un in vit ed but I could n't stay a way I could n't fight it. I had hoped you'd see my face and that you'd be re mind ed that for me It is n't o ver Nev er mind I'll find SOME ONE LIKE YOU I wish no thing but the best for you two. Don't for get me I beg I'll re mem ber You said some times it last and loves but some times it hurts in stead Some times it last and loves but some times it hurts in stead You know how the time flies only yes ter day was the time of our lives We were born and raised in a sum mer haze Bound by the sur prise of our glo ry days hate to turn up out of the blue un in vit ed but I could n't stay a way I could n't fight it. I had hoped you'd see my face and that you'd be re mind ed that for me It is n't o ver Nev er mind I'll find SOME ONE LIKE YOU I wish no thing but the best for you two. Don't for get me I beg I'll re mem ber You said some times it last and loves but some times it hurts in stead Some times it last and loves but some times it hurts in stead Noth ing com pares No wor ries or cares re grets and mis takes they are mem or ries made Who would have known how bit ter sweet this would be Nev er mind I'll find SOME ONE LIKE YOU I wish no thing but the best for you two. Don't for get me I beg I'll re mem ber You said some times it last and loves but some times it hurts in stead Some times it last and loves but some times it hurts in stead
Franz  Lehar - Vilia.xml
Vilia my Vilia I love only thee And in thy eyes lies the whole world for me Life here below would be oh, so divine If I could just make you mine. Vilia my vilia when I see your smile it seems that I've gazed on heaven a while Thats how I know t'would be oh, so divine if I could just make thee mine If I could just make thee mine.
Edmund L. Gruber, William Bryden, Robert Danford  - The Caissons Go Rolling Along.xml
Overhill over dale we will hit the dusty trail as those caissons go rolling along up and down in and out hear those wagon soldiers shout as thos caissons go rolling along on its Hi! Hi! He! in the field artillery call out your numbers loud and strong so where e'er we go you will always know that those caissons go rolling along. That those caissons go rolling along.
Larry Markes & Dick Charles - May You Always.xml
This special time, this special place is brightened by your special face, The gang will soon sing Auld Lang Syne, and touch this sentimental heart of mine. Although we go our sep'rate way, we'll share the mem'ry of this day. I wish I may, I wish I might have the wish I wish for you tonight. MAY YOU ALWAYS walk in sunshine, slumber warm when night winds blow. MAY YOU ALWAYS live with laughter for a smile becomes you so. May good fortune find your doorway, may the bluebird sing your song. May no trouble travel your way, may no worry stay too long. May your heartaches be forgotten, may no tears be spilled. May old acquaitance be remembered, and your cup of kindness filled, and MAY YOU ALWAYS be a dreamer, may your wildest dream come true. May you find someone to love, as much as I love you.
Marr, Morrissey - THIS NIGHT HAS OPENED MY EYES.xml
In a riv er The col or of lead im merse the ba by's head wrap her up in the News of the World dump her on a door step girl This night has op ened my eyes and I will nev er sleep a gain You kicked and cried like a bull ied child a grown man of twen ty five Oh he said he'd cure your ills but he did n't and he nev er will so save your life be cuz you've on ly got one The dream is gone but the baby is real Oh you did a good thing She could have been a po et or she could have been a fool Oh, you did a bad thing and I'm not hap py and I'm not sad A shoe less child on a swing re minds you of your own ag ain She took aw ay your trou bles, Oh, but then ag ain she left pain so Please save your life be cuz you've on ly got one The dream is gone but the baby is real Oh you did a good thing She could have been a po et or she could have been a fool Oh, you did a bad thing and I'm not hap py and I'm not sad
Paul Anka - Diana.xml
I'm so young and you're so old this my darling I've been told. I don't care just what they say 'cause for ever I will pray, you and I will be as free as the birds up in the tree Oh please stay with me diana Thrills I get when you hold me close, oh my darling you're the most. I love you, but do you love me? Oh Diana, can't you see I love you with all my heart, and I hope wewill never part? Oh, please stay with me Diana Oh my darling oh my lover tell me that there is no other I love you with my heart Oh oh oh oh oh oh only you can take my heart, only you can tear it apart. When you hold me in your loving arms, I can feel you giving all your charms. Hold me darling ho ho hold me tight, squeeze be baby with aall your might. Oh please stay by me, Diana
Frank Churchill - Someday My Prince Will Come.xml
Someday my prince will come, Some day I'll find my love, And how Thrilling that moment will be, When the Prince of my dreams comes to me. He'll whisper, "I love you" And steal a kiss or two, Though he's far away I'll find my love some day, Some day when my dreams come true.
Sting - Fields of Gold.xml.1
Ooh... You'll remember me when the west wind moves among the fields of barley You can tell the sun in his jealous sky when we walked in fields of gold. So she took her love for to gaze a while among the fields of barley In his arms she fell as her hair came down aWhen we walked in fields of gold When we walked in fields of gold Ooh...
William J. Kirkpatrick - Away in a Manger.xml
Away in a manger no crib for a bed, the little Lord Jesus laid down His sweet head. The stars in the bright sky looked down where He lay, the little Lord Je sus asleep on the hay.
Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach - Smoke Gets in Your Eyes.xml.1
You asked me how I knew my true love was true I of course replied something here inside cannot be denied they said someday you'll find all who love are blind when your hearts on fire you must realize snmoke gets in your eyes so I chaffed them and I gaily laughed to think they could douibt my love yet today my love has flown away I am without my love now laughing friends deride tears I cannot hide so I smile and say when a lovely flame dies smoke gets in you eyes.
Marve Fisher - Just an Old Fashioned Girl.xml
I'm just an old fashioned girl with an old fashioned mind, not sophisticated, I'm the plain and simple kind, I want an old fashioned house with an old fashioned fence, and an old fashioned millionaire. I'd like a plain simple car, a cerise Cadillac Long enough to have a bowling alley in the back, I want an old fashioned house with an old fashioned fence, and an old fashioned millionaire I'll stay weaving at my loom, be no trouble to my groom, if he'll keep the piles of money mounting. In our cottage there will be a soundproof nursery, not to wake the baby while I'm counting I like the old fashioned flow'rs violets are for me, Have them made in diamonds so that ev'ryone can see, I want an old fashioned house with an old fashioned fence, and an old fashioned millionaire.
Antonio Carlos Jobim - The Boy from Ipanema.xml
Tall and tan and young and handsome, the boy from Ipanema goes walking and when he passes, each one he passes goes "ah!" When he walks he's like a samba that swings so cool and sways so gentle, that when he passes, each one he passes goes "ah!" Oh, but I watch him so sadly. How can I tell him I love him? Yes, I would give my heart gladly but each day when he walks to the sea, he looks straight ahead not at me. Tall and tan and young and handsome, the boy from Ipanema goes walking and when he passes I smile, but he doesn't see he just doesn't see No, he doesn't see
James Young, Sy Oliver - It Ain't What You Do (It's The Way That You Do It).xml
When I was a kid about half past three, my daddy said son come here to me said swing may come and swing may go, but this is one thing you ought to know Oh Tain't what you do, it's the way that cha do it, tain't what you do it's the way that cha do it, tain't what you do it's the way that cha do it, That's what gets results. Tain't what you do it's the time that cha do it, tain't what you do it's the time that cha do it, tain't what you do it's the time that cha time it. That's what gets results. You can try hard don't mean a thing Take it easy then your jive will swing. Tain't what you do it's the place that cha do it. Tain't what you do it's the time that cha do it. Tain't what you do it's the way that cha do it. That's what gets re sults. Tain't what you do, it's the way that cha do it, tain't what you say it's the way that cha say it., tain't what you say it's the way that cha say it. That's what gets results. Tain't what you croon it's the way theat cha croon it, tain't what you croon it's the way that cha do it, tain't what you croon it's the way that cha croon it. That's what gets results. If you're lonesome and on the shelf, It's your own fault, so just blame yourself. Tain't what you say it's the place that cha say it. Tain't what you croon it's the time that cha croon it, Taint what you do it's the way that cha do it. That's what gets results.
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - Carolina in the Morning.xml
Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina in the morning, Noone could be sweeter than my sweetie when I meet her in the morning. Where the morning glories Twine around the door, Whispering pretty stories I long to hear once more. Strolling with my girlie where the dew is pearly early in the morning, Butterflies all flutter up and kiss each little buttercup at dawning, If I had Aladdin's lamp for only a day, I'd make a wish and here's what I'd say: Nothing could be finer than to be in Carolina in the morning. ing.
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Never Let Me Go.xml.1
Never let me go! Love me much too much! If you let me go life would lose it's touch! What would I be without you? There's no place for me without you! Never let me go! I'd be so lost if you went away. There'd be a thousand hours in the day without you, I know! Because of one caress my world was over turned at the very start; all my bridges burned by my flaming heart! You'd never leave me would you? You couldn't hurt me could you? Never let me Never let me go!
Hymn version - Go Tell It On The Mountain.xml
Go, tell it on the mountain, Over the hills and ev'ry where; Go, tell it on the mountain That Jesus Christ is born. While shepherds kept their watching O'er silent flocks by night, Behold, throughout the heavens There shone a holy light. The shepherds feared and trembled When, lo! above the earth Rang out the angel chorus That hailed our Savior's birth.
Max Steiner, Mack David - My Own True Love.xml
My own true love, my own true love, at last I've found you, my own true love. No lips but yours, no arms but yours, will ever lead me through heavens doors. I roamed the earth in search of this, I knew I'd know you, know you by your kiss. And by your kiss you've shown true love, I'm yours forever my own true love. love.
Slim Gaillard, Lee Ricks - Cement Mixer.xml
CEMENT MIXER Putti, Putti CEMENT MIXER Putti, Putti MENT MIXER Putti, Putti A puddle o' vooty, puddule o' gooty, puddle o' scootyy, CEMENT MIXER Putti, Putti CEMENT MIXER Putti, Putti CEMENT MIXER Putti, Putti A puddle o' veet! concrete First you get some gravel Pour it in the vout, To mix a mess 0' mortar you add cement and water see the mellow roony come out slurp, slurp, slurp CE MENT MIXER Putti, Putti CEMENT MIXER Putti, Putti CEMENT MIXER Putti, Putti Who wants a bucket of cement?
Traditional Italian - Carnival of Venice.xml
My gondola is swaying in a sunny Italy the violins are playing serenades for you and me tis carnival time in old Venice and the music is sublime I hope that it never will cease play it throught time after time. My gondola is swayingin a sun ny Italy the vi o lins are soft ly play ing serenades for you and me
Johnny Green, Edward Heyman, Frank Eyton, Robert Sour - Body and Soul.xml
My heart is sad and lonely, For you I sigh, for you, dear, only, Why haven't you seen it? I'm all for you, body and soul. I spend my days in longing and wond'ring why it's me you're wronging, I tell you I mean it, I'm all for you, body and soul. I can't believe it, It's hard to conceive it, that you'd turn away romance. Are you pretending? It looks like the ending unless I could have one more chance to prove, dear, My life a wreck you're making, You know I'm yours for just the taking, I'd gladly surrender myself to you, body and soul.
Carmen Lombardo, Joe Young - Snuggled On Your Shoulder.xml
Snugled on your shoulder, Cuddled in you arms; Dreaming while I'm dancing, Thrilled by all your charms. While the muscis playing, I'm in ecstasy, Sweetheart, hear me saying, "This is heavenly. Dancing while lights are low, What a grand sensation. Dancing, You ought to know You're my inspiration. Let me dance forever, Dream about your charms, Snuggled on your shoulder, Cuddled in your arms.
Ervin Drake, Dan Fisher, Irene Higginbotham - Good Morning Heartache.xml
Goodmorning heartache, you old gloomy sight. Goodmorning heartache, thought we said goodbye last night. I turned and tossed until it seemed you had gone, but here you are with the dawn. Wish I'd forget you, but you're here to stay. It seems I met you when my love went away Now ev'ry day I start by saying to you good morning heartache, what's new? Stop haunting me now, can't shake you nohow. Just leave me alone. I've got those Monday blues straight thru Sunday blues. Good morning heartache here we go again Good morning heartache, you're the one who knew me when. Might as well get used to you  hanging around, good morning heartache sit down.
Alan & Marilyn Bergman, & Michel Legrand - Sweet Gingerbread Man.xml
Feel like I'm made out o' gingerbread, uh, huh, uh, huh, crumd pickin' lip lickin' ginger bread, uh, huh, uh, huh. Can't think about rainy weather now, I've finally got myself together now, fresh out o' the pan, Sweet Gingerbread Man fresh out o' the pan sweet gingerbread man. Twirlin' a cane made o' pepper mint, uh, huh, uh, huh, nice icky, hand sticky peppermint, uh, huh, uh, huh, Spun sugary cloud I'm floatin' on, sun's spreadin' my suito' sugar coatin' on, all tasty and tan, Sweet Gingerbread Man fresh out o' the pan sweet gingerbread man.I got a feelin' wouldn't trade for anything, for all the beans, for all the greens, for all the world Oh!
Joe Jackson - REAL MEN.xml
Take your mind back I don't know when some time when it al ways seemed to be just "us" and them Girls that wore pink Boys that wore blue Boys that al ways grew up bet ter "boys" than me and you What's a man now? What's a man mean? Is he rough or is he rug ged is he cult ur al and clean Now its all changed its got to change more cuz we think its get ting bet ter but no bod y's real ly sure See the nice boys danc ing in pairs Gold en ear ring gold en tan and blow wave in the hair Sure, they're all straight straight as a line All the gays are mac ho don't you see their leath er shine You don't want to sound dumb don't want to of fend So don't call me a fag got un less you are a friend Then if you're tall and hand some and strong You could wear the un if orm and I could play a long and so it goes goes 'round ag ain BUT now and then we won der who the REAL MEN ARE? OH OH OH OH OH
Ray Henderson, Buddy G. DeSylva, Lew Brown - Life Is Just a Bowl of Cherries.xml
Life is just a bowl of cherries dont make it serious lifes too mysterious you work you save you worry so but you cant take your dough when you go go go so keep repeating its the berries the strongest oak must fall the sweet things in life to you were just loaned so how can you lose what you've never owned life is just a bowl of cherries so live and laugh at it all.
Charles Strouse, Lee Adams - Bye Bye, Birdie.xml
Bye bye bir die I'm gonna miss you so bye bye birdie why d'ya have to go? No more sunshine its followed you away I'll cry birdie till youre home to stay I'll miss the way you smile as though its just for me and each and evry night I'll write you faithfully Bye bye birdie its awful hard to bear Bye bye birdie guess I'll always care guess I'll always care.
Audrey Allison, Joe Allison - He'll Have To Go.xml
Put your sweet lips a little closer to the phone lets pretend that were together all alone I'll tell the man to turn the juke box way down low and you can tell your friend there with you he'll have to go whisper to me tell me do you love me true or is he holding you the way I do? tho love is blind make up your mind I've got to know should I hang up or will you tell him he'll have to go you cant say the words I want to hear while you're with another man If you want me answer yes or no Darling I will understand put your
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Lady Madonna.xml
Lady MaDonna children at your feet Wonder how you manage to make ends meet Who finds the money when you pay the rent Did you think that money was heaven sent Friday night arrives without a suitcase sunday morning creeping like a nun Monday's child has learned to tie his bootlegs See how they run Lady MaDonna baby at your breast wonders how you manage to feed the rest pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa See how how they run! Lady MaDonna lying on the bed Listen to the music playing in your head Tuesday afternoon is never ending wednesdaymorning papers didn't come Thursday night you stockings needed mending See how they run Lady MaDonna children at your feet Wonder how you manage to make ends meet
Frank Loesser - Once In Love With Amy.xml
Once in love with Amy always in love with Amy ever and ever fascinated by 'er sets your heart afire to stay once you're kissed by Amy tear up your list its Amy ply her with bobons poetry and flowers moon a million hours a way you might be quite the fickleheart ed rover so carefree and bold who loves a girl and later thinks it over and just quite cold but once in love with Amy always in love with Amy ever and ever sweetly you'll romance 'er trouble is the answer will be that Amy'd rather stay in love with me.
Scott Wiseman - Have I Told You Lately That I Love You.xml
Have I told you lately that I love you? Could I tell you once again somehow Have I told with all my heart and soul how I adore you? Well, darling, I'm telling you now This heart would break in two if you refuse me I'm no good without you anyhow Dear, I told you lately that I love you? Well, darling I'm telling you now.
Elton John - Can You Feel The Love Tonight.xml
There's a calm surrender to the rush of day, when the heat of the rolling world can be turned away. An enchanted moment, and it sees me through. It's enough for this restless warrior just to be with you. And can you feel the love tonight? It is where we are. It's enough for this wide eyed wanderer that we got this far. And can you feel the love tohight, how it's laid to rest? It's enough to make kings and vagabonds believe the very best. There's a time for ev'ryone, if they only learn that the twisting kaleidoscope moves us all in turn. There's a rhyme and reason to the wild outdoors when the heart of this starcrossed voyager beats in time with yours. It's enough to make kings and vagabonds believe the very best.
Chick Webb - Stompin' At The Savoy.xml
Savvoy, the home of sweet romance Savoy, it wins you at a glance, Savoy, gives happy feet a chance to dance. Your form, just like a clinging vine Your lips, so warm and sweet as wine Your cheek, so soft and close to mine divine! How my heart is singing, while the band is swinging never tired of rompin and stompin with you at the Savoy What joy! A perfect holiday Savoy, where we can glide and sway Savoy, oh let me stomp a way with you.
Edgar Leslie & Joe Burke - It Looks Like Rain In Cherry Blossom Lane.xml
It Looks Like Rain In Cherry Blossom Lane, the sunshine of your smile no longer there. It looks like rain in Cherry Blossom Lane, your golden voice no longer fills the air. The rippling notes have left the old mill stream, there's nothing left for me but just a dream. There'd be no rain in Cherry Blossom Lane, if you were there to tell me that you care.
LOU CHRISTIE & TWYLA - LIGHTHOUSE.xml
Sug ar the hurt for the lone ly peo ple, Put love in the stee ple Let it ring a way Let us take the peace from the mea dow, Let it ring as far as the ghet tos, And paint the coun try on its knees Save the air for man to breathe I hear the crowd and they're shout in' out loud that they're Gon na save the coun try, and they're walk in' kin da proud Wash in' their ba bies in the Glor y Riv er, Born A gain for LOVE is the giv er: Turn on the LIGHT HOUSE Yeah, bab by Turn on the LIGHT HOUSE and may be they'll get the mess age that peace is gon na come and we're gon na walk as one. You got ta
Herbert Happy Lawson - Anytime.xml
Any time you're feeling lonely any time you're feeling blue any time you feel downheartted that will prove your love for me is true any time you're thinking 'bout me that's the time I'll be thinking of you so any time you say you want me back again that's the time I'll come back home to you
Joseph Tabrar - Daddy Wouldn't Buy Me A Bow Wow.xml
Daddy wouldn't buy me a bow wow bow wow Daddy wouldn't buy me a bow wow bow wow I've got a little cat I am very fond of that but I'd rather have a bow wow wow. I love my little cat I do its coat is oh so warm it comes each day with me to school and sits upon the form when teacher says why do you being that little pet of yours? I tell her that I bring my cat along with me because
Silvano R. Ramos, Ben Raleigh - EL RANCHO ROCK.xml
They're rockin' at the rancho' Each Don Jose and Pancho; They put their heart and soul in The rockin' and the rollin', They even do some strollin' .When there are Mexican stars out. The cowboys get their guitars out. You'll hear no mambo or chacha, They dig the new beat too mucha! They're .All night the jukebox is goin', And plenty pesos they throw in. Old cowboy songs they don't sing now, EL RAN CHO ROCK is the
Gordon Jensen, 1973 - I Should Have Been Crucified.xml
I was guil ty with no thing to say and they were com ing to take me a way but then a voice from hea ven was heard that said let him go take me in stead and I should have been cru ci fied I should have suf fered and died I should have hung on the cross in dis grace but Je sus Go'ds Son took my place Crown of thorns the spear deep in His side and the pain should have been mine the rust y nails were meant for me O yet Christ took tem and I went free and I should have been cru ci fied I should have suf fered and died I should have hung on the cross in dis grace but Je sus Go'ds Son took my place and I should have been cru ci fied I should have suf fered and died I should have hung on the cross in dis grace but Je sus Go'ds Son took my place
Don Robertson - I Love You More And More Every Day.xml
They said our love was just e mo tion that time would slowly fade away; But time's just deepened my devotion, I Love You More And More Ev'ry Day. The day you made those tender vows beside me, My joy was more than words could ever say; And darling still it grows and grows inside me, I love you more and more ev'ry day. They day. I love you more and more ev'ry day.
Richard A. Whiting, Raymond B. Egan - The Japanese Sandman.xml
Here's the Japanese Sandman Sneaking on with the dew Just an old second handman He'll buy your old day from you. He will take ev'ry sorrow Of the day that is through And he'll give you tomorrow Just to start life anew. Then you'll be a bit older In the dawn when you wake And you'll be a bit bolder With the new day you make Here's the Japanese Sandman Trade him silver for gold Just an old second handman Trading new days for old. Here's the Japanese old.
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Come Fly With Me.xml.1
Come fly with me! Let's fly Let's fly a way! If you can use some exotic booze there's a bar in far Bombay. Come fly with me! Let's fly Let's fly a way! Come fly with me! Let's float down to Pe ru! In Llama Land there's a oneman band and he'll toot his flute for you. Come fly with me! Let's take off in the blue! Once I get you up there, where the air is rarified, we'll just glide, starry eyed. Once I get you up there, I'll be holding you so near, you may hear angels cheer 'cause we're together. Weatherwise, It's such a lovelyday! Just say the words and we'll beat the birds down to Acapulco Bay. It's perfect for a flying honeymoon, they say. Come fly with me! Let's fly! Let's fly away!
Jerry Bock, Sheldon Harnick - She Loves Me.xml
She loves me and to my amazement I love it knowing that she loves me she loves me true she doesnt show it how could she when she doesnt know it yesterday she loathed me Bah! now today she likes me Hah! and tomorrow tomorrow ah my teethache from the urge to touch her I'm speechless for I mustnt tell her its wrong now but it wont be long now before my love discovers that she and I are lovers Imagine how surprised she's bound to be she loves me she loves me I love her isnt that a wonder I wonder why I didnt want her I want her thats thething that matters and matters are impoving daily yesterday I loathed her Bah! now today I love her Hah! and tomorrow tomorrow ah I'm ting ling such delicious tingles I'm trembling what the heck does that mean? I'm freezing thats because its cold out but still I'm incandescent and like some adolescent I'd like to scrawl on evry wall I see she loves me she loves me
Benny Anderson, Stig Anderson, Bjorn Ulvaeus - Fernando.xml
Can you hear the drums Fernan do? I remember long ago another starrynight like this in the firelight Fernando you were humming to yourself and softly strumming your guitar I could hear the distant drums and sounds of bugle calls were coming from a far they were closer now Fernando evry hour evry minute seemed to last eternally I was so afraid Fernando we were young and full of live and none of us prepared to die and I'm not ashamed to say the roar of guns and cannons almost made me cry there was something in the air that night the stars were bright Fer nan do they were shining there for you and me for lib er ty Fer nan do though we never thought that we could lose there's no regretIf I had to do the same again I would my friend Fernan do
Phil & Carolyn Cross 1995 - Champion of Love.xml
La dies and gen tle men may I have your at ten tion I want to in tro duce to you in this cor ner of the good and right stands the Cham pion robed in white His height ex ceeds the Hea vens His weight out weighs the world His reach reach es ev ery where His age is ev er more He is hi gher than the high est great er than the great no one could ev er take His crown a way He's more might y than the might i est he reigns from a bove He's the all time un dis put ed un de feat ed Cham pi on of Love He left His home town to enter this a re na to raise His hands in vic to ry for me An angry crowd cruci fied this King who wore their crown and they glad ly watch the Cham pi on go ing down but I will nev er count Him out for I'm a wit ness of the day He a rose to re tain the title Cham pi on of Love He is hi gher than the high est great er than the great no one could ev er take His crown a way He's more might y than the might i est he reighns from a bove He's the all time un dis put ed
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - All I Do Is Dream Of You.xml
All I do is dream of you the whole day through Where the dawn I still go on dreaming of you You're evry thought you're evry thing You're evry song I ever sing Summer Winter Autumn and Spring and where them all and twenty four hours a day let be spent in sweet content in dreaming away When skies are grey when skies are blue Morning noon and nighttime too all I do the whole day through is dream of you All I so is dream of you the whole night through where the dawn I still go on dreaming of you You're ev ry thought you're evrything you're evry song I ev er sing Sum mer winter autumn and spring and where them all and twentyfour hours a day Let be spent in sweet consent dreaming a way When skies are grey, when skies are blue Morning noon and nighttime too all I do the whole day through is dream of you.
Paul Peterson - She Can't Find Her Keys.xml
When  I  take  my  baby home  at night  I  can't  wait  to  kiss  and  hold  her  tight  But  'bout  then  the  time  begins  to  drag  When  she  starts  searching  through  her  bag  She  says  just  a  moment please  I  can't  find  my  keys  And  here's  what  happens  while  I'm  waiting  for  a  squeeze.  She  pulls  out  Lipstick,  powder,  bubble  gum  and  bobby  pins  But  she  can't  find  her  keys  (her  keys)  Curlers,  tweezers,  cold  creme  and  candy  bars  But  she  can't  find  her  keys  (her  keys)  Nail  file,  school  books,  an  auto graph  of  Fabian  She  can  find  with  ease, But  I'm  standing  here  a  waiting  for  a  goodnight  kiss, 'Cause  she  can't  find  her  keys. I give up, go home and go to sleep, But next night my date with her I keep. Walk her home, we start to kiss and then It all starts happening again. Gumdrops, glasses, magazines and tangarenes. Presley records, hairspray and jelly beans Eyebrow pencil, perfume and potato chips and portable batteries, keys. She  pulls  out  Frozen  custard,  piano  bench,  pretzels  and  a  monkey  wrench  Tennis  racket,  army  cots,  pumpkin  seeds  and  coffee  pots  Water melons,  goal post,  a  rabbits  foot  and  French  toast  Fire  hydrant,  trash  can,  a  T  V  set,  electric  fan  BUT  SHE  CAN'T  FIND  HER  KEYS
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Charles Hart - The Phantom Of The Opera.xml
In sleep he sang to me, in dreams he came, that voice which calls to me and speaks my name. And do I dream again? for now I find the phantom of the opera is there inside my mind. Sing once again with me our strange duet; my power over you grows sgtronger yet. And though you turn from me to glance behind the phantom of the opera is there inside your mind. those who have seen your face draw back in fear. I am the mask you wear, it's me they hear. Your spirit and my voice in one combined; the phantome of the opera is there inside my mind (the phantom of the opera. Beware the phantom of the opera.) In all your fantasies you always knew that man and mystery were both in you. And in this labyrinth where night is blind, the phantom of the opera is here inside my (Spoken) Sing, my angel of music! He's there the phantom of the opera Ah! Sing, my angel  sing! Ah! sing  for me! Ah! sing, my angel of music! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Traditional - Bonnie Mary of Argyle.xml
I have heard the mavis singing his love song to the morn; I have seen the dewdrop clinging to the rose just newly born. But a sweeter song has cheered me at the ev'ning's gentle close; And I've seen an eye still brighter than the dewdrop on the rose; 'twas thy voice, my gentle Mary, and thine artless winning smile That made this world an Eden, Bonnie Mary of Argyle.  Tho' thy voice may lose it's sweetness and thine eye it's brightness too; Tho' thy step may lack it's fleetness and thy hair it's sunny hue. Still to me wilt thou be dearer than all the world shall own; I have loved thee for thy beauty but not for that alone; I have watched thy heart, dear Ma ry, and it's goodness was the wile, That has made thee mine for ever, Bonnie Mary of Argyle
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - Hit the Road to Dreamland.xml
Bye, bye Baby. Time to hit the road to dreamland. You're my baby, dig you in the land of Nod. Hold tiight Babby, we'll be swinging up in dreamland. All night, baby, where the little cherubs
George Young, Harry Vanda - Friday On My Mind.xml
Monday mornin feels so bad evry body seems to nag me Comin Tuesday I feel better even my old man looks good Wed'sday just dont go Thursday goes too slow I've got Friday on my mind gonna have fun in the city be with my girl shes so pretty she looks fine tonight she is out of sight to me tonight I'll spend my bread tonight I'll lose my head to night I've got to get to night Monday I'll have Friday on my mind Do the five day grink once more Iknow of nothing else that bugs me more than workin for the rich man hey I'll change that scene one day Today I might be mad tomorrow I'll be glad cause I'll have
Les Kettley - Baby, Make My Day.xml
Make my day and love me, love me every day, make my day and kiss me, kiss me every day, so long have I loved you, loved you every day, when will I be with you baby make my day. Make my day, make my day, baby make my day, baby will you make my day tonight
Ralf Arnie, Gene Martyn - Tulips From Amsterdam.xml
When its spring again I'll bring again Tulips from Amsterdam with a heart thats true I'll give to you Tulips from Amsterdam I cant wait until the day you fill these empty arms of mine like the windmill keeps on turning thats how my heart keeps on yearning for the day I know we can share these Tulips from Amsterdam.
Jerry Herman - It Only Takes A Moment.xml
It only takes a moment, For your eyes to meet and then Your heart knows in a moment, You will never be alone again. I held her for an instant, But my arms felt sure and strong. It only takes a moment, to be loved a whole life long. I've heard it said that love must grow, That to be sure, you must be slow, I saw you smile and now I know, I'll listen to just my heart, That smile made me trust my heart. For it long. and that is all that love's about And we'll recall when time runs out That it only took a moment, To be loved a whole life long.
Irving  Berlin - All By Myself.xml
All by myself in the morning, all by myself in the night I sit alone with a table and a chair, so unhappy there, playing solitaire. All by myself I get lonely watching the clock on the shelf. I'd love to rest my weary head on somebody's shoulder, I hate to grow older, All by myself.
Johnny Mandel, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - Sure as You're Born.xml
Sure as you're born you were born for these eyes to feast upon. It's really some phenomenon for a master mind to frame you, then aim you straight at me. Sure as night follows morn, I was born for a life of holding you. I guess when they were
Otis Blackwell and Elvis Presley - All shook up.xml
Awella bless my soul what's wrong with me? I'm itching like a man on a fuzzyy tree My friends say I'm acting queer as a bug I'm in love! I'm all shook up! mm mm oh oh yeah yeah my hands are shaky and my knees are weak I can't seem to stand on my own two feet who do you thank when you have such luck please dont ask what's on my mind I'm a little mixed up but I'm feeling fine when I'm near that girl that I love best, My heart beats so it scares me to death she touched my hand what a chill I got her kisses are like a volca no that's hot I'm proud to say she's my buttercup I'm in love! I'm all shook up mm mm oh oh yeah yeah.
Michel Legrand, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - You Must Believe In Spring.xml
When lonely feeling chnll the meadows of your mind, just think when winter comes, can spring be far behind? Beneat the deepest snows, the secret of a rose is merely that it knows you must believe in spring. Just as a tree is sure it's leaves will reappear; it knows it's em[ptiness is just a time of year. The frozen mountain dreams of Aprils's melting streams. How crystal clear it seems, you must believe in spring. You must believe in love and trust it's on its way, just as the sleeping rose awaits the kiss of May. So in a world of snow, of things that come and go, where what you think you know, you can't be certain of, you must believe in spring and love.
Mickey J. Addy - There Is No Christmas Like A Home Christmas.xml
There is no Christmas like a home Christmas, with your Dad and Mother, Sister, Brother there. With their hearts humming at your homecoming, and that merry yuletide spirit in the air. Christmas bells, Christmas bells, ringing loud and strong, follow them, follow them, you've been away too long. There is no Christmas like a home Christmas, for that's the time of year all roads lead home.
Charles A. Tindley 1905 - We'll Understand It Better By and By.xml
tri als dark on ev ery hand and we can not un der stand all the ways that God would lead us to that bles sed prom ised land but He'll guide us with His eye and we'll fol low 'till we die we will un der stand it bet ter by and bye bye and bye when the mor ning comes when the saints of God are ga thered home we will tell the sto ry how we've o ver come we will un der stand it bet ter bye and bye oft our che rished plans have failed dis a point ments have pre vailed and we've wan dered in the dark ness heav y heart ed and a lone but we're trus ing in the Lord and ac cord ing to His word we will un der stand it bet ter bye and bye bye and bye when the mor ning comes when the saints of God are ga thered home we will tell the sto ry how we've o ver come we will un der stand it bet ter bye and bye temp ta tions hid den snares of ten take us un a wares and our hearts are made to bleed for some thought less word or deed and we won der why the test when we try to do our best but we'll un der stand it bet ter by and by bye and bye when the mor ning comes when the saints of God are ga thered home we will tell the sto ry how we've o ver come we will un der stand it bet ter bye and bye
J.C. Fogerty - The Midnight Special.xml
Well, you wake up in the mornin', You hear the work bell ring, And they march you to the table to see the same old thing. Ain't no food upon the table, And no fork up in the pan. But you better not complain, boy, You get in trouble with the man. Let the Midnight Special shine a light on me, Let the midnight special shine a light on me. Let the midnight special shine a light on me, Let the midnight special shine a everlovin' light on me. Yonder come Miss Ros ie How in the world did you know? By the way she wears her apron And the clothes she wore. Umb'rella on her shoulder Piece of paper in her hand; She come to see the gov'nor She wants to free her man. Let the midnight
Caesar Petrillo, Milton Samuels, Nelson Shawn - Jim.xml
Jim doesn't ever bring me pretty flowers, Jim never tries to cheer my lonely hours. Don't know why I'm so crazy for Jim. Jim never tells me I'm his hears desire. I never seem to set his love afire. Gone are the years i"ve wasted on him. Sometimes when I get feeling low, I say, "Let's call it quits." Then I hang on and let him go, breking my heart in bits. Someday I know that Jim will up and leave me, but even if he does you can believe me, I'll go on carrying a torch for Jim. Jim.
Bobby Worth - Lazy Countryside.xml
I love to hang around the Lazy Countryside with nature's gang around the Lazy Countryside. Where the crickets you don't hear in the city, keep ahummin' in your ear, oh, so pretty, and it's just too much for words, listnin' to the chorus of the birds. I like to stay around the Lazy Countryside just kinda play around the Lazy Countryside. Oh, what fun in takin' the sunin and to roam the spaces wide, it's the place for me, gee, it's great to be 'round the Lazy Countryside.
Marvin Hamlisch, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - The Last Time I Felt Like This.xml
Hello I don't even know your name, but I'm hopin' all the same this is more than just a simple hello. Hello, do I smile and walk away? No, I think I'll smile and stay to see where this might go. 'Cause the last time I felt like this I was fall ing in love, falling and feeling I'd never fall in love again. Yes, the last time I felt like this was long before I knew what I'm feeling now with you. Hello I can't wait till we're alone somewhere quiet on our own so that we can fall the rest of the way, I know that before the night is through, I'll be talking love to you meanin' ev'ry word I say. 'Cause the last time I felt like this I was fall ing in love, falling and feeling I'd never fall in love again. Yes, the last time I felt like this was long before I knew what I'm feeling now with you. Oh, the last time I felt like this I was falling in love, falling and feeling I'd never fall in love again. Yes, the last time I felt like this was long before I knew what I'm feeling now with you. Oh, the
Earl Shuman & Mort Garson - Theme For A Dream.xml
You are my Theme For A Dream, yes, you are, a rare and lovely theme, The dream I dream day and night that your arms are holding me so tight. When I dream I kiss you music filled with starlight, ev'ry time I touch you, each and ev'ry time a chime rings out I love you, only you for ever more. 'Cause you're my Theme For A Dream, yes, you are, a rare and lovely theme, so, angel, please say that you love me too and make my dreams come true.
Kevin Cavanaugh, Chris Schieder - I'M THRILLED !.xml
I'M THRILLED ! I'm touched when you say that you need me so much And that you'll spend some time with me Ba by you'll sure ly see that I'M THRILLED ! I'm am azed I'm ag hast what a jolt, what a kick, what a spin, what a blast that you MIGHT re turn my call The joy of it all Call ME THRILLED! (When you say that you need me so much That you'll spend some time with me "Sin cer it y's" wnat yer ab out RIGHT? Aft er beat ing my head on the wall It feels quite nice to stop You ac know ledge my ex ist ance (I might run be serk) QUICK! call a cop! I"M THRILLED ! It's for re al and it's un willed tho I know in ad vance who will be billed Tho the world knows you're such a lout ! from the top you're gon na hear me SHOUT: ! I'm THRILLED
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - I Got Rhythm.xml
Days can be sunny, With never a sigh, Don't need what money can buy. Birds in the tree sing their dayful of song, Why shouldn't we sing along? I'm chipper all the day, Happy with my log. How do I get that way? Look at what I've got; I got rhythm, I got mu sic, my man, who could ask for anything more? I got dai sies In green pastures, I got my man, who could ask for anything more? Old Man Trouble, I Don't mind him, You won't find him 'Round my door. I got starlight, I got sweet dreams, I got my man Who could ask for a ny thing more, Who could ask for anything more?
David Kapp, Charles Tobias - For The First Time.xml
For the first time I've fallen in love, and in no time at all. This "want you near me feeling" is so new to me. Your love has done the thing no one could do to me. For the first time, I know this is real, And if you feel as I do, Then the first time, will be the last time, I'll go right on loving you For the You.
Mykola Dmytrovych Leontovych, Peter Wilhousky - Carol of the bells.xml
Hark! how the bells, Sweet silver bells, All seem to say, "Throw cares away." Christmas is here, Bringing good cheer, To young and old, Meek and the bold. Ding, dong, ding, dong, That is their song, with joyful ring, All caroling One seems to hear, Words of good cheer, From ev'rywhere Filling the air Gaily they ring While people sing Songs of good cheer, Christmas is here; Merry, merry, merry, merry Christmas. Merry, merry, merry merry Christmas, On, on they send, On without end, Their joyful tone, To ev'ry home. Hark how the bells, Sweet silver bells, All seem to say, "Throw cares away" Ding, dong, ding dong.
Irwin Levine & Russell Brown - Say,Has Anybody Seen My Sweet Gypsy Rose.xml
We were very happy, well at least I thought we were. Can somebody tell me what's got into her? A house, a home, a family, and a man that loves her so; Who'd believe she'd leave us to join the burlesque show. Oh Say has anybody seen my sweet Gypsy Rose? Here's her picture when she was my Sweet Mary Jo. Now she's got rings on her fingers and bells on her toes, Say has anybody seen my Sweet Gypsy Rose? Oh I got wind my Jo's been dancin' here in New Orleans, In this smokefilled honky tonk they call the land of dreams. Oh, here she comes struttin' in her birthday clothes,Oh. baby baby, woncha come home? Say we all miss you, And ev'ry night we kiss your picture Say Rose, one night the lights go dim and the crowd goes home. That's the day you wake up and you find you're all alone, So let's say goodbye to Gypsy hello Mary Jo.So take those rings off your fingers and bells off your toes. Say has anybody seen my, now you know just what I mean by, Has anybody seen my Gypsy Rose?
George Gershwin, ira Gershwin - The Simple Life.xml
I love the simple life I'm here to stay Away from care and strife I'm making hay I love the humming of the bees, I love the birdies I'll say its great to be a way from hurdy gurdies beside a babbling brook I love to sit and read my cooking book or else I knit the life of Riley was praised very high ly but the simple life for me
Harry Tierney, Joseph McCarthy - Alice Blue Gown.xml
In my sweet little Alice blue gown, When I first wandered down into town, I was both proud and shy As I felt evry eye, But in evry shop window I'd primp passing by, Then in manner of fashion I'd frown And the world seemed to smile all around, Till it wilted I wore it, I'll always adore it, My sweet little Alice Blue Gown. In my Gown.
Vincent Youmans, Edward Eliscu, Gus Kahn - Orchids In The Moonlight.xml
When orchids booom in the moonlight and lovers vow to be true; I still can dream in the moonlight, of one dear night that we knew. When orchids fade in the dawning, they speak of tears and "Goodbye!" Tho' my dreams are shattered, like the petals scattered, still my love can never die. There is peace in the twilight when the day is thru, but the shadows that fall only seem to recall all my longing for you. There's a dream in the moonbeams, up on the sea of blue; but the moonbeams that fall, only seem to recall, love is all, love is you.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - Forty Second Street.xml
Come and meet those dancing feet On the avenue I'm taking you to forty second street Hear the beat of dancing feet It's a song I love the melody of forty second street little nifties from the fifties innocent and sweet sexy ladies from the eighties who are in discreet side by side they're gloorified where the underworld can meet the elite on forty second street.
Charles D. Tillman 1890, M. E. Abbey 1890 - Life's Railway to Heaven.xml
life is like a moun tian rail road with an en gineer that's brave we must make the run suc cess ful from the crad le to the grave watch the curves the fills the tun nels ne ver fal ter ne ver quail keep your hand up on the throt tle and your eye up on the rail bles sed sav ior thou wilt guide us till we reach that blis sful shore where the an gels wait to join us in Thy praise for ev er more you will roll up grades of tri al you will cross the bridge of strife make sure Christ is your con duc tor on this light ening train of life al ways mind ful of ob struct ions do your du ty nev er fail keep your hand up on the throt tle and your eye up on the rail bles sed sav ior thou wilt guide us till we reach that blis sful shore where the an gels wait to join us in Thy praise for ev er more you will oft en find ob struc tions look for storms of wind and rain on a fill or curve or tres tle they will all most ditch your train put your trust a lone in Je sus nev er fal ter nev er quail keep your hand up on the throt tle and your eye up on the rail bles sed sav ior thou wilt guide us till we reach that blis sful shore where the an gels wait to join us in Thy praise for ev er more as you roll a cross the tres sle cros sing jor dan's swel ling tide you be hold the un ion dep ot in to which your train will glide there you'll meet the sup erin tend ent God the Fath er God the Son with a hear ty joy ous plaud it wea ry pil grim wel come home bles sed sav ior thou wilt guide us till we reach that blis sful shore where the an gels wait to join us in Thy praise for ev er more
Cole Porter  1951 - From This Moment On.xml
From this moment on, you for me dear, only two for tea dear, from this moment on. From this happy day no more blue songs, only whoopdeedoo songs from this moment on. For you've got the love I need so much, got the skin I love to touch. Got the arms to hold me tight, got the sweet lips to kiss me goodnightFrom this moment on, you and I babe, we'll be ridin' high babe. Ev'ry care is gone From This Moment on.
Vincent Scotto, Dorcas Cochran - Under The Bridges Of Paris.xml
Darling, why I sing this song is easy to explain it tells what happens all along the bridges of the Seine The vagabonds go there at night to sleep all there troubles away but when the moon is shining bright, my heart wants to sing it this way how would you like to be down by the Seine with me oh, what I'd give for a moment or two under the bridges of Paris with you darling, I'd hold you tight far from the eyes of night under the bridges of Paris with you, I'd make your dreams come true.
Eduardo Di Capua, English by Howard Johnson - Oh Marie.xml
Come to the window Marie Please don't be so contrary. Here in the street I tarry longing to see your face. I never sleep a moment, Night after night I've waited, Till hours so belated, Waiting to see your face. Oh Marie, oh Marie, take my heart for it's your's can't you see. I'm mad about you, Tho' I long to believe you I doubt you. Oh Marie, oh Marie, I can't seem to go on dear without you. You're mean't for me, Oh Marie, Oh, Ma.ri! Oh! Ma rì! a, Marì! Quanta suono che perdo pe te; Famm'addurmì, Abbraciato nu poco cu te! Ah! Marì, a Marì, Quanta suono che pedo pe te! Famm'addurmì Oj Marì, Oj Mari!
Krezip - Sweet goodbyes.xml
Can't sleep 'cause everything's changing You don't eant to leave things behind Can't breath 'cause too many things going on, going wrong in your life Tears in your eyes sweet goodbyes I know how you feel right now Losing things you've come to care about I know what you need right now You need to come on home so I can hold you tight Get you thru the night I'll get you thru the night Wake up, the sun's shining bright Let's go out of bed into the light Shape up, We won't forget Still there's lots of love left to hold tight night Everything I love between us will get us thru the night All the things we lost will teach us see the pretty things in life All the places that we've been to The people we relate to All the love that we give in to Blow the tears from our eyes Sweet goodbyes I know how you feel right now Losing dreams you've come to care about I know what you need right now You need to come on home so I can hold you tight I'll get you thru the night
George Cates & Mel Levin - Carmen's Boogie.xml
Hate the op'ra, it's too highbrow; but there's one number I can dig right now. Just like shiftin' without a clutch I ride the boogie with the Carmen touch. You ain't Livin' if you have missed the longhair music with the crewcut twist. Don't love often and don't love much, but love that boogie with the Carmen touch. It rips up floors, it knocks down walls; they tell me it's the reason that Niag'ra falls. It's even made Gibraltar rock; it ain't the kinda thing a mockin' bird can mock. The day it hit in old Bombay, a Hindu couldn't charm a snake away. They say in French, in Greek, and Dutch, the boogie wasn't boogie till it got the Carmen touch. Knew a fellow, a cat named Red; he played fine piano but they shot him dead. Red deserved it, the "such and such"; he fluffed off boogie with the Carmen touch. What brings saucers around from Mars, and why do Masons leave their Mason jars? What makes babies cry out so much? They want their boogie with the Carmen touch. I can't reveal the way I feel I love so much the Carmen touch.
Jerry Gray, Eddie DeLange 1942 - A String Of Pearls 1942.xml
Baby Here's a five and dime Baby Nows about the time For a string of pearls ala Woolworth Every pearls a star above wrapped in dreams and filled with love That old string of pearls a la Woolworth. "Til that happy day in Spring when you buy the wedding ring Please a string of pearls a la Woolworth Baby you made quite a start found the way right to my heart with a string of pearls a la Woolworth Wait til the stars peekaboo I've got some timing just for you It's a string of kisses for baby I found a love so sublime right in that old five and dime with a string of pearls a la Woolworth
Buddy Kaye, Ted Mossman - Till The End Of Time.xml
Till the end of time, Long as stars are in the blue Long as there's a spring, a bird to sing I'll go on loving you Till the end of time, Long as roses bloom in May My love for you will grow deeper with evry passing day. Till the wells run dry and each mountain disappears, I'll be there for you to care for you through laughter, and through tears. So take my heart in sweet surrender And tenderly say that I'm the one you'll love and live for Till the end of time
Dallas Frazier - There Goes My Everything.xml
I hear footsteps slowly walking as they gently walk across a lonely floor. and a voice is soft ly saying dar ling this will be goodbye for ever more There goes my reson for living there goes the one of my dreams there goes my only posession there goes my evrything As my mem'ry turns back the pages I can see the happy years we had before now the love that kept this old heart beating has been shattered by the clos ing of the door, thing
Bob Dorough, Terrell P. Kirk - Devil May Care.xml
No cares for me I'm happy as I can be I learn to love and to live Devil may care No cares and woes Whatever comes later goes That's how I'll take and I'll give Devil may care When the day is through I suffer no regrets I know that he who frets loses the the night For only a fool thinks he can hold back the dawn He who is wise never tries to revise what's past and gone Live love today love come tomorrow what may Don't even stop for a sigh it doesn't help if you cry That's how I'll live and I'll die Devil may care
Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh - I Walk A Little Faster.xml
Pretending that we'll meet each time I turn a corner I walk a little faster. Pretending life is sweet 'cause love's a round then corner I walk a little faster. Can't begin to see my future shine as yet. No sign as yet you're mine as yet. Rushing toward a face I can't divine as yet, keep bumping into walls, and taking lots of falls. But even though I meet at ev'ry single corner with nothing but disaster, I set my chin a little higher, hope a little longer, build a little stronger castle in the air, and thinging you'll be there, I walk a little faster.
Jimmy Crane. Al Jacobs - I Need You Now.xml
If I ever needed you, I need you now, I can't re member when I've ever been so blue. If I ever needed love, I need it now, I feel s0 all alone I don't know what to do. No day or night goes by when I don't have my cry. I feel like I could die from wanting you. I can't ease my aching heart, but you'd know how, if I ever needed you, I Need You Now.
Thelonious Monk, Bernie Hanighen - 'Round Midnight.xml
It begins to tell 'round midnight 'round midnight. I do pretty well 'til after sundown. Supper time I'm feelin' sad. but it really gets bad 'round midnight. Mem'ries always start 'round midnight 'round midnight. Haven't got the heart to stand those mem'ries. When my heart is still with you. and When some quarrel we had needs mending, Does it mean that our love is ending? Oh, darlin' I need you but lately I find You're out of my arms and I'm out of my mind. Let our love take wing some midnight 'round midnight. Let the angels sing for your returning. Let our love be safe and sound. When old midnight comes around.
Duke Ellington, Mack David - Don't You Know I Care.xml
Don't you know I care or don't you care to know? If you know I care how can you hurt me so? Darling, you are part of ev'ry breath I t,ake will you break my heart, or give my heart a break? I can't figure out what love's all about and where I fit in to your scheme. Am I wasting time, please tell me 'cause I'm down to my last dream? Wont you please be fair, love me or let me go. Don't you know I care or don't you care to know?
Aaron Schroeder, George Weiss - Mandolins in the Moonlight.xml
We're not in Venice in a gondola beneath skies of blue and yet it seems we're there Signorina when I'm close to you cause I hear Mandolins in the Moonlight Mandolins in the moonlight see what mag ic you start A song of Italy sings in perfect tune with the strings of your heart. We wont be tossing coins in the fountain down in Rome tonight and yet my dreams come true Signorina when you hold me tight heart
Hughie Charles, Ross Parker - There'll Always Be an England.xml
There'll always be an England while there's a country lane where ever there;s a cottage small beside a field of grain there'll always be an England while there's a busy street where ever theres a turning wheel a million marching feet Red white and blue what does it mean to you surely your'e proud shout it aloud Britons a wake the Empire too we can de pend on you freedom remains these are the chains nothing can break there'll there'll always be an England and England shall be free it England means as much to you as england means to me
Peter Nero, Carroll Coates - Sunday in New York.xml
New York on Sunday, big city taking a nap. Slow down, it's Sunday. Life's a ball, let it fall right in your lap. If you've got troubles just take them out for a walk. They'll burst like bubbles in the fun of a Sunday in New You can spend time with out spend ing a dime watching people watch people pass. Later you pause, and by one of the stores there's that face next to yours in the glass. Two hearts stop beating, you're both too breathless to speak. Love smiles her greeting then the dream that has seen you through the week. comes true on Sunday in New York.
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Que Sera, Sera.xml.2
When I was just a little girl I asked my mother, what will I be? Will I be pret ty, will I be rich? Here's what she said to me. Que sera, sera, whatever will be, will be the future's not ours to see Que sera, sera what will be, will be. When I grew up and fell in love. I asked my sweet heart, what lies a head? Will we have rain bows, day aft er day? Here's what my sweet heart said. " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Michael Praetorius - Lo, How A Rose E'er Blooming.xml
Lo, how a Rose e'er blooming From tender stem hath sprung! of  Jesse's lineage coming As men of old have soun. It cam, a floweret bright, A mid the cold of winter, When half spent was the night.
John A. Glover-Kind - I Do Like To Be Beside the Seaside.xml
Oh I do like to be beside the seaside I do like to be beside the sea I do like to stroll upon the prom prom prom where the brass bands play tiddley om pom pom so just let me be beside the seaside and I'll be beside myself with glee and theres lots of girls beside I should like to be beside beside the sea side beside the sea.
Hal Bynum, Roger Bowling - (You Picked A Fine Time to Leave Me,) Lucille.xml
In a bar in Toledo across from the depot on a bar stool she took off her ring I thought I'd get closer so I walked on over I sat down and asked her her name When the drinks finaly hit her she said I'm no quitter but I finaly quit livin on dreams I'm hungry for laughter and here ever after I'm after whatever the other life brings in the mirror I saw him and I closely watched him I thought how he looked out of place He came to the woman who sat there beside me He had a strange look on his face the big hands were calloused he looked like a mountain for a minute I thought I was dead but he started shaking his big heart was breaking he (2)turned to the woman and said You picked a fine time to leave me Lucille with four hungry children and a crop in the field I've had some bad times lived through some sad times but this time your hurting wont heal You picked a fine time to leave me LuAfter he left us I ordered more whiskey I thought how she make him look small Fromthe lights of the barroom toa rented hotel room we walked without talking at all she was a beauty but when she came to me she mustve thought I'd lost my mind I couldnt hold her cause thewords that he told her kept
Jay Gorney, E. Y. Harburg - Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?.xml
Once I built a railroad, made it run, Made it race against time. Once I built a railroad, now it's done Brother can you spare a dime? Once I built a tower, to the sun. Brick, and rivet and lime, Once I built a tower Now it's done, Brother can you spare a dime? Once in khaki suits Gee, we look swell Full of that Yankee Doodle dedum. Half a million boots went sloggin' thrru hell, I was the kid with the drum. Say, don't you remember, they called me Al. It was Al all the time Say, don't you remember I'm your pal! Buddy, can you spare a dime?
Percy Mayfield - Hit The Road Jack.xml
Hit the road Jack, and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more, Hit the road Jack, and don't you come back no more, Hit the road Jack, and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more. Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more. Woo woman, oh woman, don't treat me so mean. You're the meanest old woman that I've eveer seem. I guess if you said so I'd have to pack my things and go. That's right. Hit the road Jack and dont you come back no more, no more, no more, no more. Hit the road Jack and dont you come back no more. Now baby, listen baby, don't ya treat me thisa way 'Cause I'll be back on my feet some day. Don't care if you do 'cause it's understood you ain't got no money you just ain't no good. Well I guess if you say so. I'd have to pack my things and go. That's right. Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more, no more, no more, no more, Hit the road Jack and don't you come back no more. Don't you come back no more
A.H.Gibbs, Joe Grey & Leo Wood - Runnin' Wild.xml
Runnin' Wild, Lost control, Runnin' wild might y bold, Feel in' gay reck less too Care free mind all the time, nev er blue Al ways goin' don't know where,Always showin' I don't care Don't love no bod y, It's not worth while, All aloneRunnin' Wild.
Traditional adapted by Robert Plant - Satan Your Kingdom Must Come Down.xml
Satan your kingdom must come down Satan your kingdom must come down You been willin' your evil all over this town. Satan your kingdom must come down.
Arthur Johnston, John Burke - Pennies From Heaven.xml.1
A long time ago, a million years B. C. The best things in life were absolutely free. But noone appreciated a sky that was always blue. And noone congratulated a moon that was always new. So it was planned that they would vanish now and then and you must pay before you get them back again. That's what storms were made for, and you shouldn't be afraid for Ev'ry time it rains it rains Pen nies from Heaven Don't you know each cloud con tains Pen nies from Heaven? You'll find your fortune falling all over town. Be sure that your umbrella is upside down. Trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers. If you want the things you love, you must have showers. So when you hear it thunder, don't run under a tree, There'll be Pennies from Heaven for you and me. me.
Walter Kent & Walton Farrar - The Last Mile Home.xml
You can travel 'round the globe, And see a lot of things, From Mandalay to old Pompeii, To Paris in the Spring. But you'll only learn one thing, Yes! Just one thing The longest mile is the last mile home! When you've been away. The dearest dreams are the dreams of home, When you've been away. You travel far over land and sea, Then one day it's as clear as can be. The sweetest mile you'll ever roam, is THE LAST MILE HOME! The HOME!
Josiah Booth, James Thomson - The Star O' Rabbie Burns.xml
There is a star whose beaming ray is shed on ev'ry clime; It shines by night, it shines by day and ne'er grows dim wi' time. It rose upon the banks o' Ayr, It shone on Doon's clear stream, Twa hundred years are gane and mair, Yet brighter grows its beam. Let kings and courtiers rise and fa',This world has mony turns, But brightly beams abune them a', The star o' Rabbie Burns. Though he was but a ploughman lad, And wore the hodden grey, Auld Scotia''s sweetest bards were bred, Aneath a roof o' strae. Tae sweep the strings o' Scotia's lyre, It needs nae classic lore; It's mither wit an' native fire, That warms the bosum's core.
Jimmy van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Look To Your Heart.xml
Look to your heart, when there are words to say and never leave your love unspoken. Day by day, we go our thoughtless way and only when we pray, do we remember those we love. Too late to find a word that's warm and kind, Is more than just a passing token. Speak your love to those who seek your love, Look to you heart, your heart will know what to say, Look to you heart today. day.
Wally Afanasieff, Mariah Carey - All I Want For Christmas Is You.xml
I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need. And I don't care about the presents underneath the Christmas tree. I don't need to hang my stock ing there upon the fireplace. Santa Claus won't make me happy with a toy on Christmas day. I just want you for my own. more than you could ever know. Make my wish come true: all I want for Christmas is you. You, baby Oh, I won't ask for much this Christmas, I won't even wish for snow. And I, I'm just gonna keep on waiting underneath the mistletoe. I won't make a list and send it to the Northpole for Saint Nick. I won't even stay awake to hear those magic reindeer click. I just want you here tonight. holding on to me si tight. What more can I do? Baby! baby Oh, all the lights are shining so brightly ev'rywhere, and the sound of children's laughter fills the air. And ev'ryone is singing. I hear those sleighbells ringing. Santa, won't you please bring me what I really need, won't you please bring my baby to me. Oh, I don't want a lot for Christmas, this is all I'm asking for. I don't want a lot for Christmas, this is all I'm asking for. I just to see my baby. standing right outside my door. Make my wish come true. all I want for Christmas is you. Ooh, baby. All I want for Christmas is you, baby
Countess Ada De Lachau - Li'l Liza Jane.xml
I know a gal that I adore, li'l Liza Jane. Way down south in Baltimore, li'l Liza Jane. Oh, Eliza, li'l Liza Jane! Oh, Eliza, li'l Liza Jane. Down where she lives the posies grow, li'l Liza Jane. Chickens 'round the kitchen door, li'l Liza Jane. Oh, Eliza, li'l Liza Jane! Oh, Eliza, li'l Liza Jane. I wouldn't care how far we roam, li'l Liza Jane. Where she's at is home sweet home, li'l Liza Jane. Oh, Eliza, li'l Liza Jane! Oh, Eliza, li'l Liza Jane.
Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Constantly.xml
Constantly I looked for you, No day or two but constantly. Constantly I wished you near And now you're here so close to me. And it isn't magic, and you do exist, For after all, I know when I've been kissed; And you were meant to be my heart's delight, Not just tonight but constantly.
Stevie Wonder - Overjoyed.xml
Over time, I've been building my castle of love just for two, though you never knew you were my reason. I've gone much too far for you now to say that I've got to throw my castle away. Over dreams, I have picked out a perfect "come true" Though you never knew it was of you I've been dreaming. The sandman has come from too far away for you to say "come back some other day". And though you don't believe that they do, they do come true, for did my dreams come true when I looked at you. And maybe too, if you would believe, you too might be overjoyed, overloved, over me. Over hearts I have painfully turned ev'ry stone just to find, I had found what I've searched to discover. I've come much too far for me now to find the love that I've sought can never be mine. And though you don't believe that they do, they do come true, for did my dreams come true when I looked at you and maybe too, if you would believe, you too might be overjoyed, overloved, over me. And though the odds say improbable, what do they know? For in romance, all true love needs is a chance, and maybe with a chance you will find, you too like I, overjoyed, overloved, overyou. Over You!
Jennie Lee Riddle 2004 - Revelation Song.xml
Wor thy is the Lamb who was slain Ho ly ho ly is He Sing a new song to Him who sits on Hea ven's mer cy seat Wor thy is the Lamb who was slain Ho ly ho ly is He We sing a new song to Him who sits on Hea ven's mer cy seat Ho ly Ho ly Ho ly is the Lord God al migh ty Who was and is and is to come With all cre a tion I sing praise to the King of Kings You are my ev' ry thing and I will a dore you clothed in rain bows of liv ing col or flash es of light ning rolls of thun der Bless ing and hon or strength and glo ry and pow er be to You the on ly wise King Ho ly Ho ly ho ly is the Lord God Al migh ty Who was and is and is to come With all cre a tion I sing praise to the King of Kings You are my ev' ry thing and I will a dore You filled with won der awe some won der at the men tion of Your name Je sus Your name is pow er Breth and liv ing wa ter such a mar v' lous mys ter y Ho ly ho ly ho ly is the Lord God al might y who was and is and is to come With all cre a tion i sing praise to the king of kings You are my ev' ry thing and I will a dore you
Jester Hairston - Mary's Boy Child.xml.3
Long time ago in Bethlehem so the holy Bible say, Mary's boy child Jesus Christ was born on Christmas day. Hark now hear the angels sing a new king born today. And man shall live for ever more because of Christmas day. For a moment the world was aglow, all the bells rang out there were tears of joy and laughter. People shoutedlet ev ery one know there is hope for all to find peace. Oh my Lord You sent your son to save us Oh my Lord your ver ry self you gave us Oh my Lord so sin may not enslave us And love may reign once more Oh my Lord when in the crib they found him Oh my Lord a golden halo crowned him Oh my Lord they gath ered all around Him to see him and adore. This day will live forever.
Freddy Mercury - Crazy Little Thing Called Love.xml
This thing called love I just can't handle it. This thing called love I must get round to it. I ain't ready Crazy little thing called love. This thing (This thing) called love (called love) It cries (like a baby) in a cradle all night, It swings (woo woo) it jives (woo woo) it shakes all o ver like a jelly fish, I kinda like it. Crazy little thing called love. There goes my baby, she knows how to Rock n' roll. She drives me crazy she gives me hot and cold fever, then she leaves me in a cool, cool, sweat. I gotta be cool re lax get hip get on my tracks, take a back seat, hitchhike, and take a long ride on my motor bike, un til I'm ready Crazy little thing called love. There goes my  (2nd only) ready Freddie This thing called love I just can't handle it. This thing called love I must get round to it. I ain't ready Crazy little thing called love. Cra zy little thing called love.
John Schonberger, Richard Coburn, Vincent Rose - Whispering.xml.1
Honey I have something to tell you, And it's worthwhile listening to. Put your little head on my shoulder, So that I can whisper to you. Whis pering while you cuddle near me whispering so no one can hear me Each little whisper seems to cheer me I know it's true there's no one dear but you You're whispering why you'll never leave me whispering why you'll never grieve me whisper and say that you believe me, Whispering that I love you. you.
Kevin Cavanaugh - AFTERDARK.xml
My baby loves going out AF TER DARK That's the time when we let our hair down In a quiet corn er where the dark is warm er and real life's away from the light That's when love is right AFTER DARK My ba by feels like swing ing I can hear Julie Lon don and gui tar in a way off place where no one knows our Face AF TER DARK
Delores  - Learnin' The Blues.xml
The tables are empty, the dance floor's deserted; You play the same love song it's the tenth time I've heard it. That's the beginning, just one of the clues. You've had your first lesson in learnin' the blues. The cigarettes you light, one after the other, Won't help you forget her and the way that you love her. You're only burning a torch you can't lose; But you're on the right track for learnin' the blues. When you're at home alone the blues will taunt you constantly. When you're out in a crowd the blues will haunt your memory. The nights when you don't sleep, the whole night you're crying; But you can't forget her, soon you even stop trying. You'll walk the floor and wear out your shoes. When you feel your heart break, you're learnin' the blues.
Iain MacLachlan, David Silver - The Dark Island.xml.1
Away to the westward I'm longing to be, Where the beauties of heaven unfold by the sea; Where the sweet purple heather blooms fragrant and free, On a hilltop high above the dark is land Oh isle of my childhood I'm dreaming of thee, As the steamer leaves Oban and passes Tiree; Soon I'll capture the magic that lingers for me, When I'm back once more upon the dark
Gerhard Winkler, Fred Rauch, Carl Sigman - Answer Me.xml
Answer me oh my love just what sin have I been guilty of? tell me how I came to lose your love? please answer me my love. You were mine yesterday I believed that love was here to stay, won't you tell me where I've gone astray please answer me my love. If you're happier without me I'll try not to care, But if you still think about me please listen to my prayer You must know I've been true Won't you say that we can start anew In my sorrow now I turn to you please answer me my love. love.
Barry Gibb, Maurice Gibb, Robin Gibb - Stayin' Alive.xml
Well you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man no time to talk Music loud and women warm I've been kicked around since I was born and now it's all right it's O. K and you may look the other way We can try to understand the New York Times effect on man whether youre a brother or whether you're a mother you're stayin' alive stayin' alive feel the city breakin' and evrybody shakin' and were stayin' alive stayin' alive Ah ha ha ha stayin' alive ah ha ha ha stayin' alive I get low and I get high and if I cant get either I realy try got the wings of heaven on my shoes I'm a dancin man and I just can lose you know it's all right it's O. K. I'll live to see another day
Abe Lyman, Walter Donaldson - What Can I Say After I Say I'm Sorry.xml
What can I say, dear, after I say I'm sorry? What can I do to prove it to you, I'm sorry? I didn't mean to ever be mean to you, If I didn't car I wouldn't feel like I do. I was all wrong but right or wrong I don't blame you. Why should I take somebody like you and shame you? I know that I made you cry, and I'm so sorry dear, So what can I say, dear, after I say I'm sorry? sorry?
Walter Gross, Jack Lawrence - Tenderly.xml
The evening breeze caressed the trees tenderly; the trembling trees embraced the breeze tenderly Then you and I came wandering by and lost in a sigh were we. The shore was kissed by sea and mist tenderly. I can't forget how two hearts met breathlessly. Your arms opened wide and closed me inside; you took my lips, you took my love so tenderly. (The evening)
A.P.Carter, Don Marcotte - I'm Thinking Tonight Of My Blue Eyes.xml
Ever since he went away I've been thinking night and day of the day when he"ll come back to me Oh, I'm thinking tonight of my blue eyes who is dreaming far over the sea Oh I'm thinking tonight of my blue eyes and I wonder if he thinks of me Quiet moon up above shining down on my love tell him I'll wait til he comes home to stay Oh I'm thinking tonight of my blue eyes and I wonder if he thinks of me Oh I"m tell him I'd love to hold him in my arms me
John Bettis and Michael Clark - Slow Hand (Transcribed).xml
As  the  midnight  mooon  was  drifting  through the  lazy  sway  of  the  trees, I  saw  that  look  in  your  eyes  looking  into  mine, seeing  what  you  wanted  to  see. Darlin,  don't  say  a  word  'cause  I  already  heard what  your  body's  saying  to  mine. I'm  tired  of  fast  moves, I  got  a  slow  groove...  on  my  mind. I  want  a  man with a slow  hand. I  want  a  lover with  an  easy touch. I want somebody  who  will  spend some time, not come and go  in  a  heated rush. I  want  somebody  who  will  understand, when  it  comes  to  love,  I  want  a  slow  hand. On  shadowed  ground  with  no one  around and  a  blanket  of  stars  in  our  eyes. We are  drifting  free  like  two  lost  leaves on the crazy wind  of  the night. Darlin',  don't  say  a  word  'cause  I  already  heard what  your  body's  saying  to  mine. I  want  it  all  night  please  say  it's  all  right. Ooooh,  we  got  the  time. 'Cause  I got a man  with  a  slow  hand. I  got  a  lover  with  an  easy touch. I  found  somebody who will spend  some  time, not  come  and  go in a heated rush. I  found  somebody  who  will  understand, when  it  comes  to  love  I  want  a  slow  hand. I want it all  night please  say  it's  al  right. It's  not  a  fast  move, but  a  slow groove...  on  my  mind. 'Cause  I got a man  with  a  slow  hand. I  got  a  lover  with  an  easy touch. I  found  somebody  who  will  spend  some  time. not  come  and  go in a heated rush. I  found  somebody who will understand, I found a lover with a  slow  hand.
Aaron Schroeder, Wally Gold - Good Luck charm.xml
Dont want a four leaf clover dont want an old horse shoe want your kiss cause I just cant miss with a good luck charm like you come on and be my little good luck charm Uh huh huh you sweet delight i want a good luck charm a handin on my arm to have to have to hold to hold tonight uh huh huh uhhuh huh uh huh huh oh yeah uhhuhhuh uhhuhhuh uh tonight
Ben Peters - Daytime Friends And Night-time Lovers.xml
And he'll tell her he's working late again but she knows too well theres somethin goin on she's been neg lect ed and she needs a friend so her trembling fin gers dial a tel ephone Lord it hurts her doin this again he's the best friend that her husband ever knew when she's lone ly he's more than just a friend he's the one she longs to give her bo dy to Daytime friends and night time lovers hoping no one else discov ers where they go what they do in their se cret hide awaydaytime friends and night time lov ers they dont wann hurt the oth er so they love in the night time and shake hands in the light of day. and when its 0ver theres no peace of mind just a longing for the way things should have been and she wonders why some men never find that a woman needs a lov er and a friend daytime friends
Leroy Anderson, Mitchell Parish - Blue Tango.xml
Here am I with you in a world of blue and we're dancing to the tango we loved when first we met while the music plays we recall the days when our love was a tune that we couldn't soon forget as I kiss your cheek we didnt have to speak the violins like a choir ex press the de sire we used to know not long ago so just hold me tight in your arms tonight and this blue tango will be our thrilling memory of love here am love
Dave Cavanaugh, Vicki Young - Let There Be You.xml
Let there be light, and there was a light. Let there be earth, and there was earth. If I had my way, I would ask of Him, please let there be you. Let there be rain, and there was rain. Let there be heavens up above. If I had my way, I would ask of Him, Please let there be you. You are the feeling of spring. You're the beginning of dawn. You are the meaning of ev'ry thing. How could anyone go wrong? Let there be stars and there were stars. Let there be moon, and there was moon. If I had my way I would ask of Him, Please let there be you
William B. Bradbury, William B. Tappan - Tis Midnight and on Olive's Brow.xml
'Tis midnight and on Olives brow The star is dimmed that lately shone. 'Tis midnight in the garden now, The suffering Saviour prays alone.
Jerry Herman - Mame.xml
You coax the blues right out of the horn, Mame, You charm the husk right off of the corn Mame, You've got the banjoes strummin' and plunkin' out a tune to beat the band. The whole plantation's hummin' since you brought Dixie back to Dixieland You make the cotton easy to pick, Mame, You give my old mint julep a kick, Mame, You make the old magnolia tree blossom at the mention of your name. You've made us feel alive again, You've givenus the drive again To make the South revive again Mame. You've brought the cakewalk back in to style, Mame You make the weepin' willow tree smile, Mame, Your skin is Dixie satin, there's rebel in your manner and your speech, You may be from Mantan. but Georgia never had a sweeter peach. You make our black eyed peas and our grits, Mame, Seem like the bill of fare at the Ritz, Mame, You came, you saw, you conquered and absolutely nothing is the same. Your special fascination 'll Prove to be inspirational, We think you're just sensational,Mame.
Irving Berlin - Now It Can Be Told.xml.1
Now it can be told, told in all it's glory. Now that we have met, the world may know the sentimental story. The greatest romance they ever knew is waiting to unfold. Now it can be told, as an inspiration. Ev'ry otherer tale of "Boy meets girl" is just an imitation. The greatest story has never been told before, but now, now it can be told. told.
The Bee Gees - Words.xml
Smile an everlasting smile; a smile could bring you near to me. Don't ever let me find you gone 'cause that would bring a tear to me. This world has lost its glory, let's start a brand new story now, my love. Right now, there'll be no other time, and I can show you how, my love. Talk in everlasting words and dedicate them all to me. And I will give you all my life, I'm here if you should call to me. You think that I don't even mean a single word I say. It's only Words, and Words are all I have to take your heart away.
Henry Mancini, Hal David - Baby Elephant Walk.xml
Make believe you're in a jungle movie. Watch the baby elephants go by. The beat is groovy. It's a brand new dance you ought to try. Come to the jungle and see the animal attraction, baby elephants in action walk.   See the big baboon beat on the bongo, As the baby elephants advance. Down in the Congo, All the swinging monkeys do this dance. If you plan on joining a safari, Don't get dressed for going on a cruise. The thing to carry Is an extra pair of dancing shoes. Come to the jungle and see the animal attraction, Baby elephants in action walk.
Peter Mosser, Peter Mosser(Ger.) Noel Sherman(Eng.) - Morgen (One More Sunrise).xml
One more sunrise One more day to get through. One more sunrise, One more day without you. And those lips that I knew could never be true. One more sunrise, Now the heartaches begin; Wond'ring, wand'ring, through the places we've been, Hoping that I can keep my "sunny side grin." Though our love is dead and gone, In my heart it still lives on and on. Feel like some poor dyin' swan, Tired of flyin', tryin', day by day I'm dyin'! One more. sunrise, One more day we're apart. One more sunrise, One more daybreak for a breaking heart! Morgen, morgen lacht uns wieder das Gluck. Gestern, gestern liegt schon so weit zuruck. War es auch eine schone, schone Zeit! Morgen, morgen sind wir weider dabei, Gestern, gestern ist uns heut'einerlei, war es auch eine schone, schone Zeit! Sind wir heut'auch arm und klein, sind wir heut' auch ohne Sonnenschein, sind wir heut' auch noch allein, aber morgen, morgen, morgen, morgen, morgen, Morgen, morgen Lacht uns wieder das Gluck. Morgen morgen kommt die schone for a breaking heart!
Ned Miller - Do What You Do, Do Well.xml
He couldn't move a mountain or pull down a big oak tree but my daddy became a mighty big man with a simple philosophy do what you do, do well boy do what you do do well give your love and all of your heart and do what you do do well Sometimes hed kiss my mother and hold her tenderly then he'd look across the top of her head then he'd wink and say to me well
New Radicals - YOU ONLY GET WHAT YOU GIVE.xml
WAKE UP KIDS we've got the dream ers dis ease Age four teen they've got you down on your knees So po lite they've got you still say in" please Fren e mies who when you're down ain't your friends Ev 'ry night we smash their Mer ce des Benz First we run and then we laugh till we cry But when the night is fall ing And you can not find the light light. If you feel your dreams are dy in' Hold tight You've got the mu sic in you Don't let go You've got the mu sic in you One dance left This world is gon na pull thru Don't give up You got a rea son to live Can't for get We on ly get what we give I'm com in' home ba by You're tops Give it to me now. FOUR A. M. we run the mir ac le mile we're flat broke but hey we do it in style THE BIG Rich GOD's fly in' in for your tri al But when the night is fall ing you can not find a friend friend If you feel your tree is break ing just then You've got the mu sic in you Don't let go You've got the mu sic in you One dance left This world is gon na pull thru Don't give up You got a rea son to live Can't for get We on ly get what we give This whole damn world could fall a part You'll be O. K. Fol low your heart Your in harm's way I'm right be hind Now say you're mine. Don't let go I feel the mu sic in you FLY HIGH What's real can't die You only get what you give You're gon na get what you give Don't give up Just don't be af raid to leave health in sur ance rip off ly ing, F D A big bank ers buy ing. Fake com put er crash es din ing. clon ing while they're mul tip ply ing Fash ion shoots with Bek and Han son, Court ney Love and Mar Lyn Man son Your all fakes run to your man sions. Come ar ound we'll kick your ass in. Don't let go. You've got the mu sic in you.
Meade Minniegerode, Tod Galloway  - The Whiffenpoof Song.xml
We're poor little lambs who have lost our way Baa! baa! baa! We're little black sheep who have gone astray baa! baa! baa! Gentlemen songsters off on a spree Doom'd from here to eternity Lord have mercy on such as we baa! baa! baa!
Jerry Fuller - Travelin' Man.xml
I'm a travelin' man and I've made a lot o' stops all over the world and in every port I own the heart of at least one lovely girl I've a pretty senorita waiting for me down in old Mexico and it you're ever in A laska stop and see my cute little Eskimo oh my sweeet fraulein down in Berlin town makes my heart start to yearn and my China doll down in old Hong Kong waits for my return pretty Plynesian baby over the sea I remember the night when we walked on the sands of Waikiki and I held you oh so tight I'm a tight Oh I'm a travelin' man yes, I'm a travelin' man
Coz Sincere - Christmas Comes But Once A Year.xml
Christmas Comes But Once A Year And fills our hearts, fills them with such good cheer. Happiness. yes, I guess, Christmas time is here. Santa fills his sleigh with toys and lots of goodies for young girls and boys. Candy canes, frosted panes. Christmas time is here. In a winter wonderland where lovers stroll and children play games as the church bells toll. There are presents under the Christmas tree. Gifts for you, gifts for me. Falling snow and mistletoe, Each gift is wrapped with a shiny bow. Happiness, yes, I guess, Christmas time is here.
Claude-Michel Schonberg, Herbert Kretzmer - Do You Hear the People Sing?.xml
Do you hear the peo ple sing, singing the song of angry men? it is the music of a people who will not be slaves again! When the beating of your heart echoes the beating of the drums, there is a life about to start when tomorrow comes Will you join in our crusade? Who will be strong and stand with me? Beyond the barricade is there a world you long to see? then join in the fight that will give you the right to be free! Do you hear the people sing, singing the song of angry men? it is the music of a people who will not be slaves again! When the beating of your heart echoes the beating of the drums, there is a life about to start when tomorrow comes! Will you give all you can give so that our banner may advance? Some will fall and some will live. Will you stand up and take your chance? The blood of the martyrs wil water the meadows of France! life about to start when tomorrow comes!
Eugene  Pearson - A Thousand Stars.xml
A thousand stars in the sky like the stars in your eyes They say to me that they'll never be no other love like you for mee. A thousand stars in the sky Make me realize you are the one love that I'll adore tell me you love me, tell me you're mine once more. Each night I count the stars in the skyy, hoping that you aren't telling me lies. You're with me tonight, I'm captured by your charms. Oh, pretty baby won't you hold me in your arms? A thousand stars in the sky Make me realize you are the one love that I'll adore tell me you love me, tell me you're mine once more. Each night I count the stars in the skyy, hoping that you aren't telling me lies. You're with me tonight, I'm captured by your charms. Oh, pretty baby won't you hold me in your arms? A thousand stars in the sky Make me realize you are the one love that I'll adore tell me you love me, tell me you're mine once more. (I'mm yours.)
Traditional Irish,  Dion Boucicault 1864 - Wearing Of The Green.xml
Oh Paddy dear and did you hear the news thats going round? the shamrock is forbid by law to grow on Irish ground! Saint Patrick's Day no more to keep, his color can't be seen for ther'es a bloody law agin the wearing of the green I met with Napper Tandy and he tuk me by the hand and he said "Hows poor old Ireland and how does she stand?" she's the most distressful country that ever you have seen they're hangin men and women there for wearin of the green.
Bobby Weinstein, Teddy Randazzo - Goin' Out of My Head.xml
Well I think I'm goin' out of my head. yes, I think I'm goin' out of my head over you over you. I want you to want me I need you so badly I can't think of anything but you. And I think I'm goin' out of my head. 'Cause I can't explain the tears that I shed over you. over you. I see you each morning, But you just walk past me, you don't even know that I exist Goin' out of my head over you. out of my head over you Out of my head day and night Night and day and night, wrong or right I must think of a way into your heart. There's no reason why my being shy should keep us apart. And I think I'm goin' out of my head. yes, I think I'm goin' out of my head. yes, I
W.H. Doane, Fanny J. Crosby - To God Be the Glory.xml
To     God be the glory great things He hath done. So loved He the world that He gave us His Son, Who yielded His life an atonement for sin, And opened the lifegate that all may go in. Praise the Lord, Praise the Lord, Let the earth hear His voice. Praise the Lord, Praise the Lord, Let the people rejoice. O come to the Father through Jesus the Son, And give Him the glory, Great things He hath done.
Jimmy Johnson, Henry Creamer - If I Could Be With You (One Hour Tonight) .xml
I'm so blue I don't know what to do; All day thru I'm pining just for you. I did wrong when I let you go away, For now I grieve about you night and day. I'm unhappy and dissatis fied, But I'd be happy if I had you by my side. If I could be with you I'd love you strong, If I could be with you I'd love you long I want you to know I would'nt go Until I told you honey why I love you so. If I could be with you one hour tonnight, If I was free to do the things I might I telling you true I'd be anything but blue If I could be with you. If I could you.
Londerry Aire, Dottie Rambo - He Looked Beyond My Fault.xml
a maz ing grace shall al ways be my song of praise for it was grace that bought my lib er ty I do not know just why He came to love me so He looked be yond my fault and saw my need I shall for ev er lift mine eyes to cal va ry to view the cross where Je sus died for me how mar vel ous the grace that caught my fal ling soul He looked be yond my fault and saw my need a maz ing grace with joy full heart I sing of it for by His grace He set my poor heart free for all my days I'll nev er cease to sing His praise for all the glor y Lord be longs to thee
Cole Porter - Why Can't You Behave.xml
Why can't you behave? Oh, why can't you behave? After all the things you told me And the promises that you gave, Oh, why can't you behave? Why can't you be good and do just as you should? Won't you turn that new leaf over, So your baby can be your slave? Oh, why can't you behave? There's a farm I know near my old home town, Where we two can go and try settlin' down. There I'll care for you forever, Well at least till we dig my grave, Oh, why can't you behave? have?
Friedrich Silcher - Muss i denn, muss i denn zum Städtele hinaus.xml
Can't you see I love you please dont break my heart in two that's not hard to do cause I don't have a wooden heart and if you say goodbye then I know that I would cry Maybe I would die wooden heart there's no strings upon this love of mine It was always you from the start treat me nice treat me good, treat me like you really should cause I'm not made of wood and I don't have a wooden heart.
Denny Thompson - The Tijuana Jail.xml
We went one day About a month ago To have a little fun In Mexico. We ended up In a gambling spot Where the liquor flowed And the dice were hot. I was shootin' dice Rakin in the dough And then I heard A whistle blow. I started to run When a man in blue Said "Senor come with me Cause I want are In the Tijuana jail. Ain't got no friends To go our bail So here we'll stay 'Cause we can't pay Just send our mail To the Tijuana jail.
Philip Braham , Douglas Furber - Limehouse Blues.xml
Oh Limehouse kid oh you sweet Limehouse kid goin' the way that the rest of them did Poor broken blossom and nobody's child haunting and taunting you're just kind of wild Oh Limehouse blues I've the real Limehouse blues can't seem to shake off those real China blues rings on your finggers and tears for your crown that is the story of old China town
Harold Arlen, Leo Robin - Hooray For Love.xml
Love! Love! Hooray for love! Who is ever too blasé for love? Make this a night for love. If we have to fight, let's fight for love. Some sigh and cry for love, ah, but in Paree they die for love. Some waste away for love, just the same, hooray for love! It's the wonder of the world, It's a rocket to the moon, it gets you high, it gets you low, but once you get that glow, oh! some trust to fate for love; Other's have to take off weight for love. Some go berserk for love, loafers even go to work for love. Sad songs are sobbed for love, people have their noses bobbed for love. Some say we pay for love, just the same, hooray for love!
C.W.Glover, C.Mordaunt Spencer - The Rose Of Tralee.xml
The pale moon was rising above the green mountain. The sun was declining beneath the blue sea, When I strayed with my love to the pure crystal fountain that stands in the beautiful vale of Tralee. She was lovely and fair as the Rose of the summer, Yet was not her beauty alone that won me. Oh! no 'twas the truth in her eye ever dawning, that made me love Mary the Rose Of Tralee.
John S. Fearis, Jessie B. Pounds - Beautiful Isle Of Somewhere.xml
Somewhere the sun is shining somewhere the songbirds dwell Hush then thy sad repining God lives and all is well. Somewhere somewhere beautiful isle of somewhere land of the true where we live a new beautiful isle of somewhere.
Oakley Haldeman, Al Trace, Jimmy Lee - Brush Those Tears From Your Eyes.xml
Brush those tears from your eyes and try to realise that the ache in my heart is for you brush those tears from your eyes and try to realise that from now on I'll always be true I went away but I didnt mean to stay and I will regret it until my dying day Brush those tears from your eyes and try to realize that the ache in my heart is for you.
Whyte, Morrissey - IRISH BLOOD, ENGLISH HEART.xml
I rish Blood En glish Heart this I'm made of Ther is no one on earth I'm a fraid of and no reg ime can buy or sell me now I've been dream ing of a time when to be En glish is not to be bane ful to stand ing by the flag not feel ing shame ful rac ist or part ial I rish Blood En glish Heart this I'm made of Ther is no one on earth I'm a fraid of and I will die with both my hands un tied I've been dream ing of a time when the En glish are sick to death of La bour and Tor ies and spit up on the name Ol i ver Crom well and de nounce this Roy al line that still sal ute him and will sal ute him FOR EV ER !
Charles E. King, Al Hoffman, Dick Manning - The Hawaiian Wedding Song.xml
This is the moment I've waited for I can hear my heart singing Soon bells will be ringing this is the moment of sweet "Aloha I will love you longer than forever Promise me that you will leave me never her and now dear. All my love I vow dear Promise me that you will leave me never I will love you longer than forever Now that we are one Clouds wont hide the sun Blue skies of Hawaii smile on this our wedding day I do love you with all my heart.
Cole Porter - Be A Clown.xml
1 Be a clown Be a clown, All the world loves a clown Act the fool, Play the calf And you'll always have the last laugh, Wear tthe cap and the bells, And you'll rate with all the great swells, If you become a doctor, folk's will face you with dread, If you become a dentist they'll be glad when you're dead, You'll get a bigger hand if you can stand on your head. Be a clown, be a clown, be a clown.  Be a  clown Be a clown, All the world loves a clown Be a crazy buffoon And the 'demolselles'll all swoon, Dress in huge baggy pants And you'll ride the road to romance, A butcher or a baker ladies never embrace, A barber for a beau would be a social disgrace, They all'll come to call if you can fall on your face.. Be a clown, be a clown be a
Henry Sullivan, Henry Ruskin - I may be wrong.xml
I may be wrong, but I think you'e wonderful I may be wrong but I think you're swell I like your style say I think its marvelous I'm always wrong so how can I tell? all of my shirts are unsightly all of my ties are a crime if dear in you I've picked rightly its the ve ry first time you came along say I think you're wonderful I think you're grand but I may be wrong
Al Piantadosi, Marshall Montgomery - Pal Of My Cradle Days.xml
Pal of my cradle days, I've needed you always, Since I was a baby upon your knee, You sacrificed ev'rything for me. I stole the gold from your hair. I put the silver threads there, I don't know any way I could ever repay, Pal of my craddle days. days.
Frankie Carle, Bennie Benjamin, George Weiss - Oh What It Seemed To Be.xml
It was just a neighborhood dance, that's all that it was, but oh, what it seemed to be! It was like a masquerade ball with costumes and all, 'Cause you were at the dance with me. It was just a ride on the train, that's all that it was, but oh, what it seemed to be! It was like a trip to the stars, to Venus and Mars, 'Cause you were on the train with me.  And    when I kissed you, darling, it was more than just a thrill to me; it was the promise, darling. of the things that fate had willed for me. It was just a wedding in June, that's all that it was, but oh, what it seemed to be! It was like a royal affair with ev'ryone there, when you said, "Yes I do," to me. It was (me)
Mike Sharpe and Harry Middlebrooks Jr. - Spooky (Transcribed).xml
In the cool of the evening when ev'rything is gettin' kind of groovy, I call you up and ask you if you want to go and meet and see a movie. First you say no, you've got some plans for the night, and then you stop and say, "All Right"! Love is kinda crazy with a spooky little girl like you. You always keep me guessin', I never seem to know what you are thinkin'. And if a fella looks at you, it's for sure your little eye will be a winkin'. I get confused cause I don't know where I stand and then you smile and hold my hand. Love is kinda crazy with a spooky little girl like you. Spooky! If you decide some day to stop this little game that you are playin', I'm gonna tell you all what my heart's been a dyin' to be sayin'. Just like a ghost, you've been a hauntin' my dreams, so I'll propose on Halloween. Love is kinda crazy with a spooky little girl like you. Spooky! Spooky! Ohwhao alright! I said Spooky!
Neil Diamond, Gilbert Becaud - September morn.xml
Stay for just a while stay and let me look at you it's been so long I hardly knew you standing in the door stay with me a while I only wan na talk to you we"ve traveled halfway round the world to find outselves again September morn we danced until the night became a brand new day two lovers playing scenes from some romantic play September morning still can make me feel that way look at what you've done why you've become a grownup girl I still can hear you crying in the cor ner of your room and look how far we've come so far from where we used to be but not so far that we've forgotten how it was before September morn Do you remember how we danced that night away? two lovers playing scenes from some romantic play September morning still can make me feel that way September morn we danced until the night became a brand new day two lovers plying scenes from some roman tic play September morning still can make me feel that way September morn we danced until the night became a brand new day two lovers playing scenes from some ro man tic play Sep tem ber morning still can make me feel that way September morning still can make me feel that way.
Celestine Akins - Summer Romance .xml
You took my lips you took my love and went a way I did n't know it was a game for you to play I can't be lieve that you would leave with no good bye I'd ra ther think it was a dream and not a lie And so it seems in all my dreams that you are near I hear you speak and soft ly say I love you dear But now my pride won't let my heart Be lieve it's true And so I sit a lone and dream and wait for you I nev er knew that love could bring such hap pi ness and now I long to feel your touch and ten der kiss My ach ing heart just can't be lieve that you're not near So I pre tend to live my life as if you're hear
Traditional English Carol, Christina Rossetti - In The Bleak Midwinter.xml
In the bleak midwinter, frosty wind made moan, earth stood hard as iron, water like a stone. Snow had fallen, snow on snow, snow on snow, in the bleak midwinter, long, long ago.
Ben Raleigh & Guy Wood - Faith Can Move Mountains.xml
Faith Can Move mountains, darling you will see, I can move mountains, if you have faith in me. Faith can work magic, this I find with you, yours is the magic to make my wishes come true. So tell me again you love me, kiss me and I'll be strong, what couldn't I do, when I know that you are here to help me along. Yes Faith Can Move Mountains, darling you will see, I can move mountains, if you have faith in me.
Gerry Goffin, Michael Masser - Tonight I Celebrate My Love.xml
Tonight I celebrate my love for you it seems the natural thing to do Tonight noones gonna find us we'll leave the world behind us when I make love to you To night I celebrate my love for you and hope that deep inside you feel it too Tonight our spirits will be climbing to a sky lit up with diamonds when I make love to you to night. Tonight I celebrate my love for you and the midnight sun is gonna come shining through Tonight there'll be no distance between us What I want most to do is to get close to you tonight To
Marguerite Monnot, Edith Piaf, -  English: Geoffrey Parsons - If You Love Me, Really Love Me.xml
If the sun should tumble from the sky, If the sea should suddenly run dry, If you love me, really love me, Let it happen, I won't care. If it seems that evrything is lost, I will smile and never count the cost. If you love me, really love me, Let it hap pen dar ling, I won't care. Shall I catch a shooting star? Shall I bring it where you are? If you want me to I will. You can set me any task, I'll do anything you ask, If you'll only love me still. When at last our life on earth is through, I will share eternity with you. If you love me, really love me, Then whatever happens I won't care.
Carmen Lombardo, Stanley Rochinski - Powder your face with sunshine.xml
Greet the new day with a sunny smile you"ll see excitement evry where someone has found a new way to be all in style its free so go and get your share powder you face with sunshine put on a great big smile make up your eyes with laugh ter folks will be laughing with you in a little while whistle a tune of glad ness gloom never was in style the futures brighter when hearts are lighter smile smile smile smile
Cole Porter - I Love You.xml.3
"I love you", hums the April breeze "I love you," echo the hills. "I love you," the golden dawn agrees as once more she sees dafodils. It's spring again and birds on the wing again start to sing again the old melodie: "I love you," that's the song of songs, and it all belongs to you and me. "I me. And it all belongs to you and me.
Ray Noble - The Very Thought Of You.xml
The Very Thought Of You, and I forget to do the little ordinary things that ev'ryone ought to do. I'm living in a kind of daydream, I'm happy as a king, and foolish tho' it may seem, to me that's ev'rything The mere idea of you the longing here for you, You'll never know how slow the moments go 'til I'm near to you. I see your face in ev'ry flower; your eyes in stars above, It's just the thought of you, The Very Thought Of You, my love. The Very love.
Gerry Goffin, Carole King - The Loco-motion.xml
Ev' ry body's doin a brand new dance now (C'm on baby do the locomotion) I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now (Cm on ba by do the lo co mo tion) my little baby sister can do it with ease its easier than learn in your A B C's so come on come on do the locomotion with me you got to swing your hips now come on baby jump up jump back oh well I think you got the knack now that you can do it lets makea chain now A chugachuga motion like a railroadtrain now do it nice and easy now dont lose control A little bit of rhythm and a lot of soul, me (Cm on baby do the locomotion) (Cm on baby do the locomotion)
Les Reed and Barry Mason and Sylvan Whittingham - Delilah.xml
I saw the light on the night that I passed by her window I saw the flickering shadows of love on her blind She was my woman As she deceived me I watched and went out of my mind My my my Delilah Why why whyDelilah I could see that girl was no good for me But I was lost like a slave that no man could free. At break of day when that man drove away I was waiting I crossed the street to her house and she opened the door. She stood stood there laughing I felt the knife in my hand and she laughed no more. Forgive me Delilah I just couldn't take any more
Hank Williams - I'm so Lonesome I Could Cry.xml
Here that lone some whip er will He sounds to blue to fly the mid night train is whin ing low I'm so lone some I cou ld cry I've nev er seen a light so long when time goes crawl ing by the moon just went be hind a cloud I'm so lone some I cou ld cry did you ev er see a rop in weep when leaves be gin to die that means he lost the will to live I'm so lone some I cou ld cry the si lence of a fal ling star lights up a pur ple sky and as I won der where you are I'm so lone some I cou ld cry
Ralph Rainger, Leo Robin - I Hear A Dream.xml
I hear a dream all day A dream that calls to me. "Come home again you sailorman, sailor man, Home again to the sea." Where my goal is who can tell Fare thee well my darling. Adieu. While my soul is on the blue my heart's with you. I hear a dream all day A dream that calls to me. "Come home agaim you sailorman. sailorman, Home again where you should be."
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - The Man I Love.xml
Someday he'll come along the man I love; and h'ell be big and strong, the man I love; and when he comes my way I'll do my best to make him stay. He'll look at me and smile, I'll understand; and in a little while he'll take my hand; and though it seems absurdI know we both won't
James Valentine, Adam Levine - Sad.xml
Man, it's been a long day, stuck thinkin' 'bout it. Drivin' on a freeway, wond'ring if I really tried ev'rything I could, knowing if I should try a little harder? Oh, but I'm scared to death that there may not be another one like this. And I confess that I'm only holdin' on by a thinthin thread. I'm kickin' the curb 'cuz you never heard the words that you needed so bad! Now I'm kickin' the dirt, 'cuz I never gave you the things that you needed to have. I'm so sad. Sad. Man, it's been a long night, just sitting here, tryin' not to look back, still lookin' at the road we never drove on, wond'ring if the one I chose was the right one? Oh, but I'm scared to death that there may not be another one like this. And I confess that I'm only holdin' on by a thinthin thread. I'm kickin' the curb 'cuz you never heard the words that you needed so bad! Now I'm kickin' the dirt, 'cuz I never gave you the things that you needed to have. I'm so sad. Sad. I'm so sad. Oh, sad. Oh, but I'm scared to death that there may not be another one like this. And I confess that I'm only holdin' on by a thinthin thread. I'm kickin' the curb 'cuz you never heard the words that you needed so bad! Now I'm kickin' the dirt, 'cuz I never gave you the things that you needed to have, And I'm kickin' the curb 'cuz you never heard the word that you needed so bad. I'm so sad, so sad.
Nat Adderley, Oscar Brown Jr. - Work Song.xml
Break in' rocks ou' here on the chain gang, breakin' rocks an' servin' my time. Breakin' rocks ou' here on the chain gang, 'cause they done convicted me of crime. Hol' it steady right there while I hit it. Well, I reckon that oughtta git it. Been workin', an' workin', but I still got so terribly far to go!  I com mited crime, Lord o' needin, crime o' bein' hungry and poor. left the grocery store man a' bleedin', when they caught me robbin' his store.  Gon na see my sweet honey baby, gonna break this chain off to run. Gonna lay down somewhere it's shady, Lawd, it sure is hot in the sun. Hol' it steady right there while I hit it. Well, I reckon that oughtta git it. Been workin', an' workin', Been workin', an' workin', Been workin', an' workin', but I still got so terribly far to go!
Clement Scott 1913, Maewa Kaihau  1928 (Po Atarau),  1935 (Haere Ra Waltz Song) - Now Is The Hour .xml
Now is the hour for me to say goodbye Soon I'll be sailing Far across the sea While I'm away Oh please remember me When I return I'll find you wait ing here
Prince - TAKE ME WITH YOU.xml
I can't dis guise the pound ing of my heart It beats so strong It's in your eyes What can I say? They turn me on Come on and touch the place in me thats call ing out your name We want each oth er Oh so much Why must we play this game? I don't care where we go I don't care what we do I don't care pret ty ba by just TAKE ME WITH U
Felice and Boudleaux Bryant - Rocky Top.xml
Wish that I was on ole Rocky Top down in the Tennesse hills Ain't no smoggy smoke on Rocky Top ain't no telephone bills. Once I had a girl on Rocky Top half bear the other half cat Wild as a mink but sweet as soda pop I still dream about that Rocky Top you'll always be home sweet home to me good ole Rocky Top Rocky Top Tennessee Rocky Top Tennessee Once two strangers climbed ole Rocky Top looking for a moonshi still Stran gers don't come down off Rocky Top reckon they never will Corn don't grow at all on Rocky Top ground's too rocky by far That's why all the folks on Rocky Top drink their corn from a jar
Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus, Benny Andersson, Bjorn Ulvaeus - Nina, pretty ballerina.xml
Every day in the morning on her way to the office you can see her as she catches a train Just a face among a million face Just another woman with no name, not the girl you'd remember but she's still something special if you knew her I am sure you'd agree Cause I know she's got a lit tle sec ret Fri day eve ning she turns out to be Nina, pretty ballerina now she is the queen of the dancing floor This is the moment she's waited for just like Cinderella (just like Cin de rel la) Nina pretty ballerina who would ev er think she could be this way but she knows the fun would go away if she would play it every day, if she would play it every day So she's back evry morning to her work at the office and another week to live in a dream and an other row of early mor nings in an almost neverending stream she don't talk very often kind of shy and uncertain every body seems to think she's a bore but they wouldn't know her little secret what her friday night will have in store Play it every day
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - The Look Of Love.xml
The look of love is in you eyes, A look your smile can't disguise The look of love It's saying so much more than just words could ever say And what my heart has heard, well, it takes my breath away. I can hardly wait to hold you, feel my arms around you, How long I have waited, waited just to love you, now that I have found you you've got the look of love is in your face, A look that time can't erase. . Be mine tonight let this be just the start of so many nights like this Let's take a lover's vow and then seal it with a kiss. don't ever go, don't ever go, I love you so.
Jaromir Vejvoda, Lew Brown, Vasek Zem, Wladimir A.Tim - Beer Barrel Polka.xml
Theres a garden what a garden only happy faces bloom there and there's never any room there for a worry or a gloom there oh theres music and theres dancing and a lot of sweet romancing when they play a polka they all get in the swing evry time they hear that oompapa evry body feels so tralala they want to throw their cares away they all go lahde ah deay then they hear a rum ble on the floor its the big surprise they're waiting for and all the couples form a ring for miles around you'll hear them sing roll out the barrel we'll have a barrel of fun roll out the barrel we've got the blues on the run Zing! Boom! Tararrell! ring out a song of good cheer Now's the time to roll the barrel for the gangs all here. here.
Jerry Bock, Sheldon Harnick - Matchmaker .xml
Matchmaker matchmaker make me a match Find me a find catch me a catch Matchmaker matchmaker look through your book and make me a perfect match Matchmaker matchmaker I'll bring the veil You bring the groom slender and pale Bring me a ring, for I'm longing to be the envy of all I see For pop pa make him a scholar for momma make him rich as a king for me well I wouldn't holler if he were as handsome as any thing Matchmaker matchmaker make me a match find me a find catch me a catch night after night in the dark I'm alone So find me a find make me a match of my own.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - I Had The Craziest Dream.xml
I had the craziest dream last night, yes I did. I never dreamt it could be, Yet there you were in love with me. I found your lips next to mine, so I kissed you, and you didn't mind it at all. When I'm awake such a break never happens, How long can a guy go on dreaming? If there's a chance that you care Then, please say you do; (baby) Say it and make my craziest dream come true.
Fred Spielman, Janice Torre - Paper Roses.xml
I realize the way your eyes deceived me with tender looks that I mistook for love so take away the flowers that you gave me and send the kind that you remind me of Paper roses paper roses oh how real those roses seem to be but they're only imitation like your imitation love for me your prety lips look warm and so appealing they seem to have the sweetness of a rose but throw away the flowers that I gave you I'll send the kind that you remind me of me like your imitation love for me,
James Cavanaugh, Frank Weldon - Don't Tell A Lie About Me Dear.xml
DON'T TELL A LIE ABOUT ME, DEAR, And I won't tell the truth about you. Why tell a lie 'till you see, dear, If all of those things are true. Honest and truly I love you, Remember, you loved me, too. So don't tell a lie about me, dear, And I won't tell the truth about you.
Irving Gordon - Unforgettable.xml.3
Unforgettable, That's what you are, Unforgettable, though near or far. Like a song of love that clings to me, How the thought of you does things to me Never before has someone been more Unforgettable, in ev'ry way, And forever more that's how you'll stay. That's why, darling it's incredible that someone so unforgettable thinks that I am unforgettable too.
Jimmy McHugh, Ted Koehler - Lovely Lady.xml
Lovely Lady I'm falling madly in love with you It's a feeling beyond concealing, What can I do? Take my heart it's yours alone, to keep forever Lovely Lady I'm falling madly in love with you. you..
V. Young, W. King & E. Van Alstyne, Haven Gillespie - Beautiful Love.xml
Beau ti ful love, you're all a mystery Beautiful love, what have you done to me I was contented till you came a long. thrilling my soul with your song. Beautiful love, I've roamed your paradise; Searching for love, my dreams to to realize. Reaching for heaven, depending on you. Beautiful love, will my dreams come true?
Ludwig van Beethoven, Henry van Dyke - Joyful, Joyful, We Adore Thee.xml
Joyful joyful, we a dore Thee, God of glory, Lord of love. Hearts unfold like flowers before Thee Opening to the sun above Melt the clouds of sin and sadness Drive the dark of doubt away Giver of immortal gladness, fill us with the light of day!
Randy Sparks - Today.xml.1
Today while the blossoms still cling to the vine, I'll taste your strawberries, I'll drink your sweet wine. A million tomorrows shall all pass away Ere I forget all joy that is mine today
Johnny Mercer - Dream (When You're Feeling Blue).xml
Dream when you're feeling blue Dream that's the thing to doJust watch the smoke rings rise in the air You'll find your share of memories there So dream when the day is thru Dream and they might come true Things never are as bad as they seemSo Dream Dream Dream.
Ellis Reynolds, A.J. Neiburg, Doc Dougherty - I'm Confessin' That I love You.xml.1
I'm confessin' that I love you, tell me, do you love me too? I'm confessin' that I need you, honest I do, need you ev'ry moment. In your eyes I read such strange things but your lips deny they're true. Will your answer really change things, making me blue? I'm afraid someday you'll leave me saying "Can't we still be friends?" If you go you know you'll grieve me; all in life on you depends. Am I guessing that you love me, Dreaming dreams of you in vain? I'm confessin' that I love you over again.
Les Kettley - I Can't Explain It.xml
I can't explain it but I'm so in love with you, wish I'd known when we first met, you wereso in love with me too, oh why did we waste all those years far apart when we loved each other right from the start, I can't explain, can't explain whatyou do, but please don't stop, please don't stop doing whatever you do, you don't need to explain,
Neal Hefti - Cute.xml
Mind if I say you're cute! In ev'ry way you're cute! Those big blue eyes, that turned up nose, that cool and carefree pose. I mean I like your style. That sly intriguing smile. Your ev'ry mood, your attitude, just add up to you're cute!
Duke Ellington, Don George - The Lonely Ones.xml
You've seen them come and go, they walk alone where lights ar low. And so, they're called the lonely ones. You've seen their haunted eyes, the empty dreams they advertize. They know, they're called the lonely ones. On rainy nights they rendezvous whereever blue trumpets moan. There they wait, and when it's late they get the papers and go home. Tonight I'm so afraid that I will join that lost pa rade. My love, why can't you see, just you can set me free. Come back and rescue me from the lonely ones. (ones)
Arthur Schwartz, Frank Loesser - They're Either Too Young Or Too Old.xml
They're either too young or too old, They're either too gray or too grassy green, The pickings are poor and the crop is lean What's good is in the army. What's left will never harm me. They're either too old or too young. So, darling, you'll never get stung. Tomorrow I'll go hiking with that Eagle Scout unless I get a call from grandpa for a snappy game of chess. I'm finding it easy to say good as gold. They're either too young or too old. They're either too bald or too bold, I'm down to the wheelchair   and bassinette My heart just refuses to get upset. I simply can't compel it to, With no marines to tell it to. I'm either their first breath of spring, Or else I'm their last little fling. I either get a fossil or and adolescent pup, I either have to hold him off or have to stand him up. The battle is on But the fortress will hold. They're either too young or too old. I'll never ever fail ya, while you are in Australia, or out in the Aloutions, Or off among the Rooshins, And flying over Egypt, Your heart will never be gyped. And when you get to India, I'll still be what I've been to ya, I've looked the field over and lo an behold! They're either too young or too old!
Stevie Wonder - Sir Duke.xml
Music is a world within itself with a language we all understand, with an equal opportunity for all to sing dance and clap their hands but just because a record has a groove don't make it in the groove but you can tell right away at letter A when the people start to move. They can feel it all over. They can feel it all over, people. They can feel it all over. They can feel it all over, people, go! Music knows it is and always will be one of the things that life just won't quit. But here are some of music's pioneers, that time will not allow us to forget for there's Basie, Miller, Satchmo, and the king of all, Sir Duke, and with a voice like Ella's ringin' out there's no way the band can loose. You can feel it all over. You can feel it all over, people,go!
Unknown - Hokey Pokey.xml
You put your right arm in you put your right arm out you put your right arm in and shake it all about and then you do the hokey pokey and you turn yourself about and thats what its all about Hey do the hokey pokey hey do the hokey pokey hey do the hodey pokey thats what its all a bout.
Duke Ellington, Paul Francis Webster - I Got It Bad And That Ain't Good.xml
The poets say that all who love are blind, but I'm in love and I know what time it is. The good book says, "Go seek and ye shall find." Well, I have sought and, my, what a climb it is My life is just like the weather. It changes with the hours. When he's near, I'm fair and warmer. When he's gone, I'm cloudy with showers. In emotion, like the ocean, it's either sink or swim when a woman loves a man like I love him. Never treats me sweet and gentle, the way he should. I got it bad and that ain't good! My poor heart is sentimental, not made of wood. I got it bad and that ain't good! But when the weekend's over and Monday rolls around I end up like I start out, just cryin' my heart out. He don't love me like I love him. No body could. I got it bad and that ain't good!
Michael Leonard, Herbert Martin - Why Did I Chose You?.xml
Why  did I chose   you? What did I see in you? I see the heart you hide so well: I saw a quiet man who had a gentle way, A way that caught me in it's glowing spell. Why did I want you? What could you offer me? A love to last a lifetime through. And when I lost my heart so many years ago, I lost it lovingly, and willingly to you. If I had to chose again, I would still chose you.
UNKNOWN - ROSE OF ALLENDALE.xml
The morn was fair the skies were clear no breath came o'er the sea when Mary left her highland home and wandered forth with me though flowers deck'd the mountain side and fragrance filled the vale by far the sweetest flowerthere was the Rose of Allendale was the Rose of Allendale Rose of Allendale dale by far the sweetest flower there was the Rose of Allendale.
Neil Sedaka - Breaking Up Is Hard To Do (Jazzy Version).xml
You tell me you are leaving, I can't believe it's true. Girl, there's just no living without you. Don't take your love a way from me, Don't you leave my heart in misery. If you go then I'll be blue, Break ing up is hard to do. Remember when you held me tight, And you kissed me all through the night. Think of all that we've been through, Breaking up is hard to do. They say that breaking up is hard to do. Now I know, I know that it's true. Don't say that this is the end, Instead of breaking up I wish that we were making up again. I beg of you, don't say goodbye. Can't we give our love another try? Come on baby let's startanew Break ing up is hard to do, Break ing up is hard, so hard, to do.
George Marion Jr., Richard Whiting - My Future Just Passed.xml
There goes the girl I dreamed all through school about, there goes the girl I'll now be a fool about. Ring down the curtain, I'm certain at present my future just passed. Don't even know if she has been spoken for. If she is tied, the ties must be broken, for life can't be that way: to wake me, then break me, my future just passed! Stars in the blue, tho' you're at a distane, you can at least do this: sometimes a boy encounters resistance, help me to win this miss. Here are my arms, may she find illusion there. Look in my heart, there is no donfusion there, now that I'm loving, I'm living at last, my future just passed.
Raul Ferrao, Jimmy Kennedy - April In Portugal.xml
I found my April dream in Portugal with you When we discovered ro mance, like we never knew. My head was in the clouds My heart went crazy too, And mad\ly I said "I love you." This sad reality To know it couldn't be, That's Portugal and love in April! The music and the wine convinced me you were mine, But it was just the spring fooling me. I found my April dream in Portugal with you When we discovered romance like I never knew. Then Morning brought the rain, And now my dream is through, But still my heart says I love you.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - They Can't Take That Away From Me.xml
Our romance won't end on a sorroful note. Though by tomorrow you're gone The song is ended but as the songwriter wrote, The melody lingers on. They may take you from me, I'll miss your fond caress. But though they take you from me I'll still possess. The way you wear your hat The way you sip your tea The mem'ry of all that No, no they can't take that away from me The way your smile just beams The way you sing off key The way you haunt my dreams No, no they can't take that a way from me We may never never meet again on the bumpy road to love Still I'll always, always keep the mem'ry of The way you hold your knife The way we danced till three The way you chang'd my life, No, no you can't take that a way from me No they can't take that away from me! The way you wear your hat, me!
Fats Waller - Winter Weather.xml
i love the winter weather so the too of us can get together there's nothing sweeter finer when it's nice and cold I can hold my ba by closer to me and collect all the kisses do me I love the winter weather 'cause I got my love to keep me warm
Dan Schutte - Here I Am Lord.xml
I, the   Lord of sea and sky, I have heard my people cry. All who dwell in dark and sin My hand will save. I, who made the stars of night, I will make their darkness bright. Who will bear My Light to them? Whom shall I send? Here I am Lord. Is it I Lord? I have heard you calling in the night. I will go, Lord, if you lead me. I will hold your people in my heart. heart.
Felix Stahl, Jessie Barnes - Many Times.xml
Many times, many times, I have wanted your kiss. Many times, I have dreamed we'd be kissing like this. My heart has been filled with the thought of holding you. I've dreamed it so often at last it's come true. With a smile, with a sigh, with a star up above; here we are, you and I, the beginning of love. While searching for heaven, I found it just then, Take me there, many times again. Many gain.
Elton Box, Desmond Cox - I've Got Sixpence.xml
I've got six pence lucky lucky sixpence I've got sixpence to last me all my life I've got tuppence to lend and tuppence to spend and tuppence to take home to my wife. No cares have I to grieve me no pretty little girl to deceive me I'm happy as a king believe me as I go roooling home rolling home, rolling home by the light of the silvery moon I'm as happy as the day when the soldier gets his pay as I go rololing home.
unknown - Good King Wenceslas.xml
Good King Wenceslas looked out on the feast of Stephen when the snow lay round about deep and crisp and even brightly shone the moon that night though the frost was cruel when a poor man came in sight gathring winter fuel hither page and stand by me if thou know'st it, telling yonder peasant who is he? where and what his dwelling? Sire he lives a good league hence, underneath the mountain right against the forest fence by Saint Ag nes foun tain.
Art Noel, Frank Walsh, Joe Burley & Harry Bull - The Barrow Boy Song.xml
They say I'm no good because I'm a barrow boy, a barrow boy, I've always wanted to be. I gets me livin' I stick to it with pride, I'm a coster, a coster from over the Lambeth side. I turn my back upon so ciety, take me where the ripe bananas grow. They're only a dozen a shilling, that's how I get my living. I ought to have been a Barrow Boy years ago.
Richard Rodgers, Lorentz Hart - Blue Moon.xml
Blue Moonyou saw me standing alone without a dream in my heartwithout a love of my own Blue Moonyou knew just what I wasthereforYou heard me saying a pray'r for SomeoneI really could care for And then there suddenly appearedbefore me The only one my arms will Ever hold, I heard somebody whisper please, adore me And when I looked the moon had turned to gold! Blue moon now i'm no longer alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own
Jelly Roll Morton - Dr Jazz.xml
Ev'rybody gets the blues now and then and don't know what to do I know I have had it happen many times to me and I know so have you But thos days are gone and past I've found out what to do at last When I am down and feeling out you can hear me Hello Central give me doctor jazz He's got what I need I'll say he has When I'm feeling down and I've got the blues He's the guy that makes me put on both my dancing shoes The more I get the more I want it seems I call on doctor jazz in all my dreams When jazz
Michael Joncas - On Eagle's Wings.xml
You who dwell in the shelter of the Lord, who abide in His shadow for life, say to the Lord: "My refuge, my Rock, in whom I trust." And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, bear you on the breath of dawn, make you to shine like the sun, and hold you in the palm of His hand.  The snare of the fowler will never capture you, and famine will bring you no fear: under His wings your refuge, His faithfulness your shield. And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, bear you on the breath of dawn, make you to shine like the sun, and hold you in the palm of His hand.  You need not fear the terror of the night nor the arrow that flies by day; though thousands fall about you, near you it shall not come. And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, bear you on the breath of dawn, make you to shine line the sun, and hold you in the palm of His hand. 4 For. to His angels He's given a command to guard you in all of your ways; upon their hands they will bear you up, lest you dash your foot against a stone. And He will raise you up on eagle's wings, bear you on the breath of dawn, make you to shine like the sun, and hold you in the palm of His hand. And hold you, hold you in the palm of His hand
Ernest Ball, J. Keirn Brennan - Let The Rest Of The World Go By.xml
With someone like you, a pal good and true, I'd like to leave it all behind, and go and find, Someplace that's known to God alone, Just a spot to call our own. We'll find perfect peace, where joys never cease, Out there beneath a kindly sky. We'll build a sweet little nest, somewhere in the west, and let the rest of the world go by.
James L. Malloy, G. Clifton Bingham - Love's Old Sweet Song.xml
Once in the dear, dead days beyond recall, When on the world the mists began to fall, Out of the dreams that rose in happy throng, How to our hearts love sang an old sweet song, And in the dusk where fell the firelights gleam, Softly it wove itself into our dream. Just a song at twilight, When the light are low, and the flick'ring shadows, Softly come and go. Tho' the heart be weary, sad the day and long, Still to me at twilight, Comes love's old sweet song, Comes love's old sweet song.
Jimmy McHugh, Frank Loesser - Let's Get Lost.xml
The party's rather dull, isn't it? We'd love to steal away, wouldn't we? So let's not even ask should we, or shouldn't we? Lets get lost, lost in each other's arms. Let's get lost, let them send out alarms. And though they'll think us rather rude, let's tell the world we're in that crazy mood. Let's defrost, in a romantic mist, let's get crossed off ev'rybody's list. To celebrate this night we found each other, mm, let's get lost. lost.
Ludwig van Beethoven, Henry van Dyke - Ode To Joy.xml
Joyful joyful, we a dore Thee, God of glory, Lord of love. Hearts unfold like flowers before Thee Opening to the sun above Melt the clouds of sin and sadness Drive the dark of doubt away Giver of immortal gladness, fill us with the light of day!
Cole Porter - I Love Paris.xml
I love Paris in the springtime I love Paris in the fall I love Paris in the winter, when it drizzles, I love Paris in the summer when it sizzles, I love Paris ev'ry moment ev'ry moment of the year, I love Paris, why, oh why do I love Paris Because my love is near.
David lanz, david lanz - Tears for alice.xml
You're my thrill, you do something to me, you send chills right thru me, and I look at you, 'cause you're my thrill. You.re my thrill, how my pulse increases, I just go to pieces when I look at you, 'cause you're my thrill. Mmmm, Mmmm nothing else could matter, Mmmm, Mmmm, here's my heart on a silver platter. Where's my thrill? Why this strange desire that keeps mounting higher? When I look at you I can't sit still, 'cause you're my thrill.
Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.xml.1
You're on the phone with your girlfriend\ She's upset.\ She's going off about something that you said\ 'Cuz she dosent get your humor like I do...\ I'm in the room\ It's a typical Tuesday night\ I'm listening to the kind of music she dosen't like\ And she'll never know your story like I do'. But she wears short skirts\ I wear Tshirts\ She's cheer captain\ And I'm in the bleachers\ Dreaming about the day when you wake up\ And find what you're looking for has been here the whole time. If you could see that I'm the one who understands you\ Been here all along so why can't you see, you\ You belong with me\ You belong with me. Walkin' the streets with you and your wornout jeans\ I can't help thinking this is how it ought to be\ Laughing on a park bench, thinking to myself\ Hey isn't this easy. And you've got a smile that could light up this whole town\ I haven't seen it in a while since she brought you down\ You say your fine\ I know you better then that\ Hey whatcha doing with a girl like that... She wears high heels\ I wear sneakers\ She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers\ Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find\ That what you're looking for has been here the whole time. If you could see that I'm the one who understands you\ Been here all along so why can't you see\ You belong with me. Standing by and waiting at your back door\ All this time how could you not know\ Baby...\ You belong with me\ you belong with me. Oh'\ I remember you drivin' to my house in the middle of the night\ I'm the one who makes you laugh\ When you know your about to cry\ And I know your favorite songs\ And you tell me about your dreams\ Think I know where you belong\ Think I know it's with me... Can't you see that I'm the one who understands you\ Been here all along\ So why can't you see\ You belong with me. Standing by and waiting at your back door\ All this time\ How could you not know\ Baby you belong with me\ You belong with me. You belong with me. Have you ever thought just maybe\ You belong with me. You belong with me...\
Marty Haugen - We are many parts.xml
We are many parts, we are all one body and the gifts we have, we are given to share may the spirit of love make us one indeed, one the love that we share, one, our hope in despair, one the cross that we bear.
Ray Henderson, Buddy DeSylva, Lew Brown - The Birth Of The Blues.xml
They heard the breeze in the trees Singing weird melodies And they made that the start of the blues. And from the jail came the wail Of a down hearted frail, And they played that As part of the blues. From a whipporwill Out on the hill, they took a new note, Pushed it thru a horn 'Till it was worn Into a blue note! And then they nursed it and rehearsed it, And gave out the news That the South land give birth to the blues! They heard the blues!
Jule Styne, Adolph Green, Betty Comden - Just In Time.xml
Just in time I found you just in time before you came my time was running low I was lost the losing dice were tossed, my bridges all were crossed no where to go now you're here and now I know just where I'm going no more doubt or fear I've found my way for love came just in time you found me just in time and changed my lonely life that lovely day.
Charlie Tobias & Peter De Rose - When Your Hair Has Turned To Silver.xml
When Your Hair Has Turned To Silver I will love you just the same. I will only call you sweetheart, that will always be your name. Through a garden filled with roses, down the sunset trail we'll stray. When your hair has turned to silver, I will love you as today.
Jerry Gray, Carl Sigman - Pennsylvania 6-5000.xml
Numbers I've got by the dozen ev'ry one's uncle and cousin But I can't live without buzzin' Penn sylvania Six, Five ThousandI've got a sweety I know there Someone who sets me aglow there Gives me the sweetest "hello there" Penn sylvania Six, Five ThousandWe don't say "how are you" and very seldom ask "what's new " Instead we start and end each call with "baby confidentially I love you" maybe it sounds a bit funny when I'm away from my honey here's what I do with my money Penn sylvania Six, Five Thousand
John Denver, Mike Taylor, Dick Kniss - Sunshine on my shoulders.xml
Sunshine on my shoulders make me happy sunshine in my eyes can make me cry sunshine on the water looks so lovely sunshine almost always makes me high If I had a day that I could give you I'd give to you a day just like today If I had a song that I could sing for you I'd sing a song to make you feel this way sunshine almost all the time makes me high sunshine almost always
Jerome Kern, Johnny Mercer - I'm Old Fashioned.xml
I'm Old Fashioned, I love the moonlight, I love the old fashioned thing; the sound of rain up on a windowpane, the starry song that April sings. This year's fancies are passing fancies, but sighing sigs, holding hands there my heart understands. I'm Old Fashioned, but I don't mind it. That's how I want to be as long as you agree to stay old fashioned with me.
Jack Popplewell - If I Should Fall In Love Again.xml
If I should fall in love again, I'd fall in love with you again, with the same old moon above, and your hand in mine, I'd whisper "I love you". If I should lose my heart again, I'd choose you from the start again. I'd be just the same, If I loved again I should still fall in love with you.
John Denver - For Baby (for Bobbie).xml
I'll walk in the rain by your side I'll cling to the warmth of your hand I'll do anything to help you understand I'll love you more than anybody can and the wind will whis per your name to me Little birds will sing along in time the leaves will bow down when you walk by and morning bells will chime I'll be there when you're feeling down to kiss away the tears if you cry I'll share with you all the happiness I've found a refelection of the love in your eyes and I'll sing,you the songs of the rain bow The,whisper of the joy that is mine chime
N. J. Clesi - I'm Sorry I Made You Cry.xml
I'm sorry, dear, so sorry, dear, I'm sorry I made you cry! Won't you forget, won't you for give? Don't let us say goodbye! One little word, one little smile, One little kiss won't you try? It breaks my heart to hear you sigh, I'm sorry I made you cry! cry!
Fred Rogers - Won't You Be My Neighbor?.xml
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, A beartiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? It's a neighborly day in this beauty wood, A neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? I have always wanted to have a neighbor just like you! I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you. So let's make the most of this beautiful day, since we're together we might as well  say, Woud you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor? Won't you please, Won't you please? Please won't you be my neighbor?
Franz Gruber, Joseph Mohr - Silent Night.xml
Silent night! Holy night! All is calm, all is bright. Round yon Virgin Moth er and Child! Holy Infant so tender and mile, Sleep in heavenly peace! Sleep in heavenly peace.
Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh - Hey, Look Me Over.xml
Hey look me over lend me an ear fresh out of clover mortgaged up to here but dont pass the plate folks dont pass the cup I figure whenever you're down and out the only way is up and I'll be up like a rosebud high on the vine don't thumb your nose bud take a tip from mine I'm a little bit short of the elbow room but let me get me some and look out world here I come. hear me shout
John W. Green, Edward Heyman - I Cover the Waterfront.xml.2
I cover the waterfront I'm watching the sea, will the sea I love be coming back to me. I cover the waterfront in search of my love, and I'm covered by a starless sky above. Here am I patiently waiting hoping and longing oh! how I yearn! Where are you? Are you forgetting? Do you remember? Will you return? I cover the waterfront I'm watching the sea, for the one I love must soon come back to me.
Burton Lane, E. Y. Harburg - If This Isn't Love.xml
If this isn't love The whole world is crazy If this isn't love I'm daft as a daisy With moons all around And cows jumping over There's something amiss and I'll eat my hat if this isn't love! I'm feeling like an apple on top of William Tell; With this I cannot grapple because, because you're so adorable. If this isn't love Then winter is summer If this isn't love My heart needs a plumber I'm swingin' on stars I'm ridin' on rainbows I'm just bustin' with bliss, and kiss your hand if this isn't love!
Thad Jones & Alex Wilder 1969 - a Child is Born.xml
Now out of the night soft as the dawn in to the light this Child in no cent Child soft as a fawn this child is born one small heart one pair of eyes one work of art here in my arms here He lies trust ing and warm blessed in this morn a Child is born Now out of the night soft as the dawn in to the light this Child in no cent Child soft as a fawn this child is born one small heart one pair of eyes one work of art here in my arms here He lies trust ing and warm blessed in this morn a Child is born
Jerry Herst, Jack Sharpe - So Rare.xml
So rare, you're like the fragrance of blossoms fair, Sweet as the breath of air, Fresh with the mornin dew. Oh, you're so rare, you're like the sparkle of old champagne, Orchids in cellophane Couldn't compare to you, to you, You are perfection, you're my idea of angels singing the Ave Maria, For you're an angel, I breathe and live you, With ev'ry beat of the heart that I give you. So rare this is a heaven on earth we share, Caring the way we care, Ours is a love so rare, Ours is a love so rare, Ours is a love so rare.
Leonard Cohen - Hallelujah.xml.1
I heard there was a sacred chord that David played and it pleased the Lord. But you don't really care for music, do you? It goes like this, the fourth, the fifth, the minor fall, the major lift. The baffled king composing hallelujah. Halelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah.
Al Frisch, Fred Wise - I Wont Cry Anymore.xml
I won't cry anymore now that you've left me. I won't sigh anymore now that you're gone. I've shed a million tears since we're apart, But tears can never mend a broken heart. I won't sigh anymore, I'll just forget you. And I'm closing the door of memories. Though you're the one love that my arms are longing for, This is good bye. I wont cry an ymore.
John Denver - Calypso.xml
To sail on a dream with a crystal clear ocean, to ride on the crest of the wild raging storm, To work in the service of life and living in search of the answers to questions unknown To be part of the movement and part of the growing, part of beginning to understand Aye, Calypso The placesyou've been to The things that you've shown us the stories you tell Aye Calyp so I sing to your spirit The men who have served you so long and so well Hideeayeeooododie ohooododododododie aylike the ayeedodieayeedodieee.Hideedolphin who guides you, You bring us beside you To light up the darkness and show us the way, For though we are strangers in your silent world To live on the land we must learn from the sea. To be true as the tide, And free as a windswell, Joyful and loving in leting it be
John Denver - Like A Sad Song.xml
Usually in the morning I'm filled with sweetbelonging and evrything is beautiful to see, even when it's raining the sound of heaven singing is simply joyful music to me Sometimes I feel like a sad song like I'm all alone without you so manly diffrent places a million smiling faces life is so incredible to me Especially to be near you and how it is to touch you Oh paradise was made for you..and me you I know that life goes on just perfectly and evrything is just the way that it should be still there are times when my heart feels like breaking and enywhere is where I'd rather be you Ooo Ooo Sometimes I feel like a sad song like I'm all alone without you without you
Harry Tilzer, William Dillon - I Want A Girl Just Like The Girl.xml
When I was a boy my mother often said to me, Get married boy and see, how happy you will be. I have looked all over, but no girlie can I find, Who seems to be just like the little girl I have in mind, I will have to look around until the right one I have found. I want a girl, just like the girl that married dear old Dad, She was a pearl and the only girl that Daddy ever had, A good old fashioned girl with heart so true, One who loves nobody else but you, I want a girl just like the girl that married dear old Dad. Dad.
Billie Campbell, Mann Curtis - One Pair Of Hands.xml
One pair of hands formed the moun tains One pair of hands formed the sea One pair of hands made the sun ev ry bird ev ry flow er ev ry tree One pair of hands formed the val leys the oc ean the riv ers and the sand Those hands are so strong so when life goes wrong put your faith in to one pair of hands One pair of hands formed the moun tains One pair of hands formed the sea One pair of hands made the sun ev ry bird ev ry flow er ev ry tree One pair of hands formed the val leys the oc ean the riv ers and the sand Those hands are so strong so when life goes wrong put your faith in to one pair of hands!
J. D. Martin, Russell Smith - Don't Go To Strangers.xml
Build you dreams to the stars above, but when you need someone true to love, don't go to strangers darling, come to me. Play with fire till your fingers burn, and when there's noplace for you to turn, don't go to strangers, darling come to me. For when you hear the call to follow your heart, you'll follow your heart, I know; I've been through it all, for I'm and old hand, and I'll understand if you go. So make your mark for your friends to see but when you need more than companny, don't go to strangers, darling, come to me. me.
J. Russell Robinson, Gordon Burge - A Portrait of Jennie.xml
A portrait of Jennie more precious to me than a masterpiece however famous it be. The portrait of Jennie is etched in my heart. where her features have been sketched from the start. Ah, the color and beauty of life. And the glow of her spirit divine. all cast in heaven's own design. With a portrait of Jennie I never will part For there isn't any portrait of Jennie is here in my heart.
James Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Like Someone In Love.xml
Lately I find myself out gazing at stars, hearing guitars like someone in love. Sometimes the things I do astound me, mostly whenever you're around me. Lately I seem to walk as though I have wings, bump into things, like someone in love. Each time I look at you I'm limp as a glove and feeling like someone in love. love.
Milton Delugg, Willie Stein - Orange Colored Sky.xml
I was walkin along mindin my bus'ness when out of an orange colored sky Flash! Bam! Alakazam Wonderful you came by. I was hummin a tune drinkin in sunshine when out of an orange colored sky Flash! Bam! Alakazam I got a look at you. One look and I yelled, "Timber, watch out for flying glass," Cause the ceiling fell in and the bottom fell out, I went into a spin and I started to shout, "I've been hit, this is it, this is it!" I was walkin' along mindin' my bus'ness when love came and hit me in the eye, Flash! Bam! Alakazam Out of an orange colored sky. Or ange colored,purple striped pret ty green polka dotted sky, Flash! Bam! Alakazam and goodbye.
Peter DeRose, Billy Hill - On A Little Street In Singapore.xml
On a little street in Singapore we'e meet beside a lotus covered door. A veil of moonlight on her lonely face, how pale the hands that held me in embrace. My sails tonight are filled with perfume of Shalimar with temple bells to guide me to the shore. And then I'll hold her in my arms and love the way I loved before. On a little street in Singapore. pore.
Vince Guaraldi, Lee Mendelson - Christmas Time Is Here.xml
Christmas time is here, happiness and cheer. Fun for all that children call their fav'rite time of year. Snowflakes in the air, carols ev'rywhere. Olden times and ancient rhymes of love and dreams to share. Sleighbells in the air, beauty ev'rywhere. Yuletide by the fireside and joyful mem'ries there. Christmas time is here, we'll be drawing near. Oh, that we could always see such spirit through the year.
Robert Mellin - I'm Yours.xml
I'm Yours, heart and soul I am yours, can't you see it in my eyes, can't you hear it in my sighs, I'm yours I'm Yours, ev'ry kiss says I'm Yours, take my lips and take my arms, I'm a victim of your charms, I'm Yours. My life and my love, dear, are yours to command. I stand here before you my heart in my hand. I'm Yours, all the world knows I'm Yours, and I only hope and pray that someday I'll hear you say, I'm Yours.
Harry Ruby, Bert Kalmar - Nevertheless.xml
Maybe I'm right, or maybe I'm wrong, And maybe I'm weak or maybe I'm strong: But nevertheless I'm in love with you. Maybe I'll win, and maybe I'll lose, and maybe I'm in, for crying the blues; But nevertheless I'm in love with you. Somehow I know at a glance the terrible chances I'm taking: Fine at the start, then left with a heart that is breaking. Maybe I'll live a life of regret and maybe I'll give much more than I'll get   But nevertheless I'm in love with you. you.
Harry Akst, Benny Davis - Baby Face.xml
Baby face you've got the cutest little baby face There's not another one could take your place. Baby face my poor heart is jumping you sure have started something Baby face I'm up in heaven when I'm in your fond embrace I didnt need a shove 'cos I just fell in love with your pretty baby face
John Klenner - Just Friends.xml.1
Just friends, lovers no more, just friends, but not like before, To think of what we´ve been and not to kiss again seems like pretending itisn´t theending. Two friends drifting apart, Two friends, but one broken heart, We loved, we laughed, we cried, and suddenly love dies, The story ends and we´re just friends.
Al Hoffman & Dick Manning - Gilly Gilly Ossenfeffer Katzenellen Bogen By The Sea.xml
There's a tiny house, (there's a tiny house) by a tiny stream, (by a tiny stream) where a lovely lass, (where a lovely lass) had a lovely dream, (had a lovely dream) and her dream came true, (and her dream came true) quite unexpectedly, in Gilly Gilly Ossen feffer Katzenellen Bogan By The She was out one day, (she was out one day) where the tulips grow (where the tulips grow) when a handsome lad, (when a handsome lad) stopped to say helhello, (stopped to say hello) and before she knew, (and before she knew) he kissed her tenderly
Will Holt - Lemon Tree.xml
When I was just a lad of ten my father said to me come here and take a lesson from the lovely lemon tree Don't put your trust in love my boy My father said to me I fear you'll find that love is like the lovely lemon tree Lemon tree very pretty and the lemon flower is sweet but the fruit of the poor lemon is imposssible to eat Lemon tree very pretty and the lemon flower is sweet but the fruit of the poor lemon is impossible to eat. Be neath that lemon tree one day my love and I did lie A girl so sweet that when she smiled the stars rose in the sky We passed the summer lost in love beneath the lemon tree The music of her laughter hid my fathers words from me. eat
Sherman Edwards, Ben Raleigh - Wonderful! Wonderful!.xml
Sometimes we walk hand in hand by the sea, And we breathe in the cool, salty air; You turn to me with a kiss in your eyes and my heart feels a thrill beyond compare! Then you lips cling to mine, it's wonderful! wonderful! Oh so wonderful my love! Sometimes we stand on the top of a hill and we gaze at the earth and the sky. I turn to you and you melt in my arms, there we are, darling,. only you and I! what a moment to share it's wonderful! wonderful! Oh so wonderful my love! The world is full of wond'rous things, it's true, But they wouldn't have much meaning without you. Some quiet evenings I sit by your side and we're lost in a world of our own; I feel the glow of your unspoken love, I'm aware of the treasure that I own; And I say to myself, "It's wonderful! wonderful, Oh, so wonderful my love!
Mayme Watts 1957, Sid Wyche - All Right, OK, You Win.xml
Well alright, Okay, You win, I'm in love with you, Well alright Okay, You win, baby, what can I do? I'll do anything you say It's just gotta be that way. Well alright, Okay, You win, I'm in love with you, Well alright Okay, You win, baby, what can I do? I'll do anything you say as long as it's me and you. All that I am askin.' all I want from you, just love me like I love you an' it won't be hard to do! Well alright, Okay You win I'm in love with you, Well alright Okay, You win, baby, what can I do? I'll do anything you say Sweet baby take me by the hand, Well, alright Okay You win!
Pee Wee King   1946, Redd Stewart 1946 - Tennessee Waltz.xml
I was waltzing with my darlin to the Tensee waltz when and old friend I happened to see Intro duced him to my loved one and while they were waltzing my friend stole my sweetheart from me I remember the night and the Tennessee Waltz Now I know just how much I have lost Yes I lost my little darlin the night they were playing the beautiful Tennesseem Waltz. I was Waltz.
Billy Hayes, Jay Johnson 1948 - Blue Christmas.xml
I'll have a blue Christ mas with out you I'll be so blue Christ mas with out you dec o ra tions of red on a green Christ mas tree won't mean a thing if you're not here with me I'll have a blue Christ mas that's cer tain and when the blue heart ache starts hurt in' you'll be do in' all right with your Christ mas of white but I'll have a blue blue Christ mas I'll have a blue Christ mas with out you I'll be so blue Christ mas with out you dec o ra tions of red on a green Christ mas tree won't mean a thing if you're not here with me I'll have a blue Christ mas that's cer tain and when the blue heart ache starts hurt in' you'll be do in' all right with your Christ mas of white but I'll have a blue blue Christ mas you'll be do in' all right with your Christ mas of white but I'll have a blue blue Christ mas
Hoagy Carmichael, Frank Loesser - Heart And Soul.xml
Heart and soul, I fell in love with you. Heart and soul, the way a fool would do, madly because you held me tight and stole a kiss in the night. Heart and soul, I begged to be adored. Lost control and tumbled overboard gladly that magic night we kissed there in the moonmist. Oh! but your lips were thrilling, much too thrilling. Never before were mine so strangely willing. But now I see what one embrace can do. Look at me, it's got me loving you madly; that little kiss you stole held all my heart and soul.
Peter Dawson - A Bachelor Gay.xml
At seventeen he falls in love quite madly with eyes of tender blue At twenty four he gets it rather badly with eyes of a diff'rent hue At thirty five you'll find him flirting sadly with two or three or more When he fancies he is past love it is then he meets his last love and he loves her as he's never loved before.
Jimmy McHugh - 8, 9 and 10.xml
A date at eight with you would be great I'll run downtown and get some roller skates yeah yeah. Skate a round all ov er town until I hear you say you're mine all mine. If eight would be great nine would be fine I would be yours mama you would be mine A kiss at ten our love would begin One two three four five six seven eight nine and ten.
Jimmy Kennedy, Nat Simon - Istanbul.xml
Istanbul was Constantinople; now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople.   Been a long time gone, old Constantinople, still it's Turkish delight on a moonlit night! Ev'ry gal in Constantinople lives in Istanbul, not Constantinople, So if you've a date in Constantinople, she'll be waitin' in Istanbul! Even old New York was once new Amsterdam. Why they changed it I can't say, people just liked it better that way! Take me back to Constantinople!   No!   You can't go back to Constantinople!   Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople!   Why did Constantinople get the works? That's nobody's bus'ness but Turks! Turks!
Hoagy Carmichael - In the Cool, Cool, Cool Of The Evening.xml
In the cool, cool, cool of the ev'nin' tell 'em I'll be there, In the cool, cool, cool, of the ev'nin' better save a chair. When the party's gettin' a glow on, 'n singin' fill the air, In the shank 'o' the night, when the doin's are right, you can tell 'em I'll be there. In the tell 'em I'll be there.
Roger Nichols, Paul Williams - We've Only Just Begun.xml
We've only just begun to live, white lace and promises. A kiss for luck and we're on our way. (We've only begun. Before the rising sun we fly, So many roads to choose we start out walking and learn to run. (And yes, we've just begun. Sharing horizons that are new to us, watching the signs along the way. Talking it over, just the two of us, working together day to day. together And when the evening comes we smile. So much of life ahead, we'll find a place where there's room to grow. (And yes we've just begun. Sharing horizons that are new to us, watching the signs along the way. Talking it over, just the two of us, working together day to day. together together  And when the evening comes we smile. So much of life ahead,We'll find a place where there's room to grow And yes we've just begun.
Fredrick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - I've Grown Accustomed To Her Face.xml
I've grown accustomed to her face. She almost makes the day begin. I've grown accoustomed to the tune, She whistles night and noon, Her smiles, her frowns, her ups, her downs are second nature to me now; Like breathing out and breathing in. I was serenely independent and content before we met; Surely I could always be that way again and yet, I've grown accustomed to her looks; Accustomed to her voice; Accustomed to her face. I've grown ac customed to her face. She almost makes the day begin. I've goten used to her her say, "good morning" ev'ry day. Her joys, her woes, her highs, her lows are second nature to me now; Like breathing out and breathin in. I've very grateful she's a woman and so easy to forget; Rather like a habit one can always break and yet, I've grown accustomed to the trace of something in the air; Accustomed to her face.
Lionel Bart - From Russia With Love.xml
From Russia with love I fly to you Much wiser since my goodbye to you I've travelled the world to learn, I must return from Russia with love I've seen places faces and smiled for a moment but oh you haunted me so still my tonguetied young pride, would not let my love for you show in case you'd say no To Russia I flew but there and then I suddenly knew you'd care again my running around is through I fly to you from Russia with love.
Antonio Carlos Jobim - How Insensitive.xml.3
How insensitive I must have seemed when she told me that she loved me. How unmoved and cold I must have seemed when she told me so sincerely Why, she must have asked, did I just turn and stare in icy silence? What was I to say? What can you say when a love affair is over? Now, she's gone away and I'm alone with the mem'ry of her last look. Vague drawn and sad, I see it still, all her heartbreakin that last look. How, she must have asked, could I just turn and stare in icy silence? What was I to say? What can one do when a love
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Charles Hart - Angel Of Music.xml
Where in the world have you been hiding? Really you were per fect. I only wish I knew your secret; Who is this new tutor? Father once spoke of an angel, I used to dream he's appear. Now as I sing I can sense him and I know he's here. Here in this room he calls me softly, somewhere inside hiding. Somehow I know he's always with me; he, the unseen genius. I watched your face from the shadows distant through all the applause. I hear your voice in the darkness yet the words aren't yours. Angel of music, guide and guardian, grant to me your glory! Angel of music hide no longer, secret and strange angel. He's with me even now, all around me, it frightens me. Insolent boy, this slave of fashion, basking in our glory. Ignorant fool, this brave young suitor, sharing in my triumph. Angel I hear you! Speak I listen. Stay by my side, guide me! Angel, my soul was weak; forgive me! Enter at last, master! Flattering child you shall know me, see why in shadow I hide. Look at your face in the mirrorI am there inside. Angel of music, guide and guardian, grant to me your glo ry! Angel of music, hide no longer! Come to me, strange angel! I am the angel of music; come to me angel; of music! Whose is that voice? Who is that in there? I am your angel of music; come to me, angel of music!
Aaron Schroeder, Wally Gold - It's Now Or Never.xml
Its now or never come hold me tight kiss me my darlin be mine tonight tomorrow will be too late its now or never my love wont wait when I first
Jim Reeves - The Blue side of Lonesome.xml
\I'm  call in'  to  tell  you ver /Yes, lin',  you're  now  free /Youre in'  you're  sorry  me /But  you've  hurt  me  much  more know  askin'  me  where  call  comes  from /Oh,  I  that  you  won't  end  up  here /If  you're  new  ro  turns  a  failure /Well hears  where  find  me  my dear  I'm  just  on  the  blue  side  of lonesome /right next  to  the  Hotel  in  a tav ern known as  Three Tear Drops /on  barstool doin so well /The  floor  has  a car pet  of sorrow /But  no the  aisle /  And they  say   someone broke  the  bar mir ror /With  of  a  smile \The  hands  on  the   never  al ne in  this  place /There's  no  present,   no  and  future /We're  in  love's   ways \I'm  just  on  the  blue  side some /Right  next  to  the  Heartbreak  Hotel /In ern  that's  as  Three  Tear drops  /On a  stool  doin'  so  well
Johnny Mandel, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - A Christmas Love Song.xml
All I want for Christmas is you. You're the one that makes my dreams all come true. All I want for Christmas is here. Finding evry sweet surprise wrapt up in your eyes, waiting for me there underneath the tree. We'll spend the day exchanging kisses. Smile and say. what a Christmas this is. Long before the snowflakes appear. Without bells and mistletoe, or the tinsel silver glow, You just look at me and Oh! Christmas is here.
Robert Guidry, Paul Gayten - I Don't Know Why I Love You But I Do.xml
I dont know why I love you but I do I dont know why I cry so but I do I only know I'm lonely and that I want you only I dont know why I love you but I do. My days have been so lonely my nights have been so blue I dont know how I manage but I do I cant sleep nights because I feel so restless I dont know what to do I feel so helless and since you've been away I cry both night and day I dont know how I manage but I do.
Fred Rogers - It's Such a Good Feeling.xml
It's such a good feeling to know you're alive It's such a happy feeling: You're growing inside. And when you wake up ready to say, "I think I'll make a snappy new day." It's such a good feeling, A very good feeling, The feeling you know You're alive. It's such a good feelng to know you're in tune. It's such a happy feeling to know you're in bloom. And when you wake up ready to say "I think I'll make a snappy new day." It's such a good feeling, A very good feeling, The feeling you know that we're
Donna Fargo - The Happiest Girl In The Whole U.S.A..xml
Good morning morning hello sunshine wake up sleepy head why'd we move that beaujangle clock so far away from the bed just one more minute thats why we moved it one more hug or two do you love wakin up next to me as much as I love wakinup next to you you make the you be careful got ta go I love you have a beautiful day and kiss the happiest girl in the whole U. S A Skipadeedoodah thank you Lord for making him for me and thank you for letting life turn out the way that I always thought it could be there once was a time when I could not imagine how it would feel to say I'm the happiest girl in the whole U. S. A. now shine on me sunshine walk with me world its a skipadeedoo dah day and I'm the hapiest girl in the whole U. S. A.
Alfred Newman, Paul Francis Webster - HOW GREEN WAS MY VALLEY.xml
How green was my valley, How blue were my skies, I worshipped the love light That shone in your eyes. Our heavenly love dream Has faded and gone, No more does the sunrise Appear with the dawn. I still hear your laughter, I whisper your name, This world, dear, without you Will never be the same. How green was my valley, How dear were your charms; Come back to me darling, Come back to my arms.
Antonio Carlos Jobim, Jon Hendricks - Desafinado.xml
Love is like a never ending melody, Poets have compared it to a symphony, A symphony conducted by the lighting of the moon, But our song of love is slightly out of tune. Once your kisses raised me to a fever pitch, Now the orchestration doesn't seem so rich, Seems to me you changed the tune we used to sing, Like the bossa nova love should swing. We used to harmonize two souls in perfect time, Now the song is diff'rent and the words don't even rhyme; 'Cause you forgot the mel o dy our hearts would always croon, And so what good's a heart that's slightly out of tune? Tune your heart to mine the way it used to be, Join with me in harmony and sing a song of loving, We're bound to get in tune again before too long, There'll be no desafinado when your heart belongs to me completely, Then you wont' be slightly out of tune You'll sing along with me.
James Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Busy Doing Nothing.xml
We're bu sy doing nothing working the whole day through trying to find lots of things not to do We're bus sy going nowhere isnt it just a crime? we'd like to be unhappy but we never do have the time have to watch the river to see that it doesnt stop and stick around the rosebuds so they'll know when to pop and keep the crickets cheerful they're really a solemn bunch hustle bustle and only and hour for lunch we're bu sy doing nothing working the whole day through trying to find lots of things not to do we're bus sy going nowhere isnt it just a crime? we'd better make it snappy there's another hill to climb we'd like to be unhappy but we never do have the time.
Ervin Drake 1961, Ervin Drake - It Was A Very Good Year.xml
When I was seventeen it was a very good year, It was a very good year for small town girls and soft summer nights, we'd hide from the lights on the village green When I was seventeen. When I was twentyone it was a very good year It was a very good year foe city girls who lived up the stair, with perfumed hair that came undone When I was very good year
Frank Churchill, Larry Morey - Whistle While You Work.xml
Just Whistle While You Work. (whistle) Put on that grin and start right in, To whistle loud and long. Just hum a merry tune. (hum) Just do your best, Then take a rest, And sing yourself a song. When there's too much to do, Don't let it bother you, Forget your trouble, Try to be just like the cheerful chickadee, And Whistle While You Work. (whistle) Come on, get smart, Tune up and start, To Whistle While You Work.
Sammy Fain, Irving Kahal - I Can Dream, Can't I?.xml
I can see, no matter how near you'll be, You'll never belong to me But I Can Dream, Can't I? Can't I pretend that I'm locked in the bend of your embrace? For dreams are just like wine, And I am drunk with mine. I'm aware my heart is a sad affair There's much disillusion there, But I Can Dream, Can't I? Can't I adore you although we are oceans apart? I can't make you open your heart, But I Can Dream, Can't I? Can't I?
Irving Berlin - Love, You Didn't Do Right By Me.xml
Love you didn't do right by me. You planned a ro mance that just hadn't a chance and I'm through. Love, you didn't do right by me I'm back on the shelf and I'm blaming myself but it's you. My one love affair didn't get anywhere from the start To send me a Joe who had winter and snow in his heart wasn't smart. Love, you didn't do right by me as they say in the song, "You done me wrong!"
Robert Hill, Lester Hallen - Kiss Of Fire.xml
I touch you lips and all at once the sparks go flying. Those devil lips that know so well the art of lying, and tho' I see the danger, still the flames grow higher. I know I must surrender to your kiss of fire. Just like a torch, you act the soul within me burning. I must go on along this road of no returning, and tho' it burns me and it turns me into ashes, my whole world crashes without your kiss of fire. I can't resist you. What good is there in trying; what good is there denying? You're all that I desire. Since first I kissed you, my heart was yours completely if I'm a slave, the it's a slave I want to be. Don't pity me! Don't pity me! Give me your lips, the lips you only let me borrow, Love me tonight and let the devil take tomorrow. I know that I must have your kiss although it dooms me tho' is consumes me, your kiss of fire. I touch your fire.
Des Coleman, Ollie Kennedy - After All These Years.xml
My darling come to me sit you down easily and rest awhile near the soft firelight, cold is the night, but warm is my heart with pride having you by my side you're still my guiding light after all these years your soft assuring ways the rock I lean on saw me through my darkest days when all hope had gone you're still the only one I'll ever hold near and I love you after all these years.
Irving Berlin - I'm Getting Tired So I Can Sleep.xml
I'm getting tired so I can sleep. I want to sleep so I can dream. I want to dream so I can be with you. I've got your picture by my bed. 'Twill soon be placed beneath my head, to keep my company the whole night thru. For a little while whatever befalls, I will see you smile till reveille calls. I hope you're tired enough to sleep. And please sleep long enough to dream. And look for me for I'll be dreaming too. I'm too.
Paul Evans, Al Byron - Roses Are Red (My Love).xml
A long, long time ago on graduation day You handed me your book, I signed this way: Roses are red, my love, Vi'lets are blue, Sugar is sweet, my love, But not as sweet as you. We dated thru' highschool and when the big day came, I wrote into your book, next to my name: you.
Charles Calhoun - Shake, Rattle And Roll.xml
Get out from that kitchen and rattle those pots and pans get out from the kitchen and rattle those pots and pans well roll my breakfast cause I'm a hungry man Shake rattle and roll Shake rattle and roll Shake rattle and roll shake rattle and roll you never do nothing to save your doggone soul
Jerry Ross, Richard Aldler - Whatever Lola Wants.xml
what ever Lola wants, Lola gets, And little man, Little Lola wants you, Make up your mind to have no regrets Recline yourself resign yourself, you're through I always get what I aim for and your heart and soul is what I came for Whatever Lola WantsLola gets Take off your coat, don't you know you can't win? You're no exception to the rule I'm irresistible you fool give in! Whatever in!
Brian Holland, Edward Holland Jr, Lamont Dozier - Baby Love.xml
Baby love my baby love I need you oh how I need you but all you do is treat me bad break my heart and make me sad Wanna know what did I do wrong to make you stay away so long cause Baby love my baby love been missing ya miss kissing ya Instead of breaking up lets start some kissing and making up don't throw our love away in my arms why don't you stay? Baby love my baby love why must we separate my love? all of my whole life through I'll never love no one but you way you do me like you do I guess its me Ooh need to hold you once a gain my love feel you warm em brace my love dont throw our love away please dont do me this way not happy like I used to be loneliness has got the best of
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - What's The Use Of Wonderin'.xml
What's the use of wond'rin' if he's good or if he's bad, Or if you like the way he wears his hat? Oh, what's the use of wond'rin' if he's good or if he's bad? He's your feller and you love him, That's all there is to that. Common sense may tell you that the ending will be sad, And now's the time to break and run away. But what's the use of wond'rin' if the ending will be sad? He's yer feller and you love him, There's nothing more to say. Somethin' made him the way that he is, Whether he's false or true, And somethin' gave him the things that are his, One of these things is you, so When he wants your kisses you will give them to the lad, And anywhere he leads you, you will walk. And anytime he needs you, You'll go running there like mad. You're his girl and he's yer feller And all the rest is talk. talk.
Cole Porter - from this moment.xml
Why shouldn't I take a chance when romance passes by? Why shouldn't I know of love? Why wait around, When each age has a sage who has found That upon this earth love is all that is really worth thinking of? It must be fun, lots of fun, To be sure when day is done, That the hour is coming when You'll be kissed and then You'll be kissed again! All debutantes say it's good, And evry star out in far Hollywood seems to give it a try, So why shouldn't I I
Donovan Leitch - Mellow Yellow.xml
I'm just mad about Saffron aSaffron's mad about me a I'm a just mad about Saffron She's just mad about me They call me Mellow Yellow The call me Mellow Yellow They call me Mellow Yellow They call me Mellow Yellow He's so mellow he's so mellow Elecatrical banana is gonna be a sudden craze Electrical banana is bound to be the very next phrase they call me Mellow Yellow the call me Mellow Yellow They call me Mellow Yellow Yeah!
Murphy, Lipton, Neat - She's a lassie from Lancashire.xml
She's a lassie from Lancashire just a lassie from Lancashire, she's the lassie I love so dear Oh so dear though shes dressed in clogs and shawl she's the prettiest of them all None could be fairer or rarer than Sarah, my lassie from Lancashire.
Hubert Giraud, Kim Gannon, Jean Drejac - Under Paris Skies.xml
Stranger beware theres love in the air, under Paris skies try to be smart and dont let your heart catch on fire Love becomes king the moment its spring under Paris skies Lonely hearts meet somewhere on the street of desire Pa risian love can bloom high in a skylight room or in a gay cafe where hundreds of people can see I wasn't smart and I love my heart under Paris skies Dont ever be a heartbroken stranger like
Buddy Kaye & Ralph Care - A Penny A Kiss, A Penny A Hug.xml
I'm gonna save a penny ev'ry time I hold you tight, and we're gonna watch the pennies grow. I'm gonna save a penny ev'ry time we kiss goodnight and darling, when we're married we can own a bungalow. A Penny A Kiss, A Penny A Hug, we're gonna save our pennies in a big brown jug, A Penny A Kiss, A Penny A Hug, Oh, how rich we're gonna be.
Tony Renis, Norman Newell - Never, Never, Never.xml
I'd like to run away from you, but if you never found me I would die. I'd like to break the chains you put anround me, but I know I never will. You'd stay away and all I do is wonder why the hell I wait for you. But when did common sense prevail for lovers when you know it never will. Impossible to live with you but I know I could never live without you. For what ever you do, I never never never want to be in love with anyone but you. You never treat me like you should so what's the good of loving as I do? Although you always laugh at love, nothing else would be good enough for you. Impoassible to live with you, but I know I could never live without you. For whatever you do, I never, never, never want to be in love with anyone but you. You make me laugh, you make me cry, you make me live, you make me die, for you. You make me sing, you make me sad, you make me glad, you make me mad, for you. I love you, hate you, love you, hate you, but I'll want you till the world stops turning. For whatever you do. I never, never, never want to be in love with anyone but you.
Traditional Scottish - Bluebells Of Scotland.xml
O where, and O where is your highland laddie gone? O where and O where is your highland laddie gone? He's gone to fight the foe for King George upon the throne and it's oh in my heart how I wish him safe at home O where and O where does your highland laddie dwell? O where and O where does your highland laddie dwell? he dwelt in merry Scotland at the sign of the blue bell and its oh in my heart that I love my laddie well.
Traditional 16th Century English, William Chatterton Dix - What Child Is This.xml
What Child is this, who laid to rest On Mary's lap, is sleeping? Whom angels greet with anthems sweet, While shepherds watch are keeping? This, this is Christ the King Whom shepherds guard and angels sing: Haste, haste to bring Him laud, The Babe, the Son of Mary!
Irving Berlin - It's a Lovely Day Tomorrow.xml
It's a lovely day tomorrow tomorrow is a lovely day come and feast your teardimmed eyes on tomorrow's clear blue skies if today your heart is weary and ev'ry little thing looks grey just forget your troubles and learn to say tomorrow is a lovely day.
Harry Warren, Arthur Freed - This Heart of Mine.xml
This heart of mine was doing very well. The world was fine as far as I could tell. and then quite suddenly I met you and I dreamed of gay amours At dawn I woke up singing sentimental over tures. This heart of mine is gaily dancing now. I taste the wine of real romancing now. Some how this crazy world has taken on a wonderful design. As long as life endures, it's yours, this heart of mine.
Sammy Fain, Howard Dietz - The Dickey-Bird Song.xml
A Dickey Bird whispered haven't you heard, spring is here, spring is here, spring is here, a little crow sang a hsppy hello, my favorite time of the year. A little frog sang a song on his log, lose your blues, lose your blues, loser your blues, and you and I fell in love in reply, on hearing the Dick ey Bird's news. If you have to look around to find a reason for such a wonderful thing, you can blame it on the sentimental season, falling in love is done in the spring. The bobolink looked at us with a wink, ataboy, atagirl, nothin's wrong, when you're in love you'll go swinging along, a singing the Dickey Bird Song.
John Rowles - Tania.xml
The shadows they fade into yesterday my girl I see her there I turn back the years that we live again the moments we had love to share Tania our song will go on for ever just like a clear sky of blue Tania our hearts make music together sweet Tania my song is for you.
Thomas Hastings, Augustus M. Toplady - Rock of Ages.xml
Rock of Ages cleft for me let me hide myself in thee let the water and the blood from thy wounded side which flowed be of sin the double cure, save from wrath and make me pure.
C. Saint-Saens - My Heart At Thy Sweet  Voice.xml
My heart at thy sweet voice Swift unfolds like a flower, when the dawn first is showing. But oh! to stop my tears, Thou hast it in thy power, One word more love be stowing. To thy De li lah say Thou re turnest for alway! Repeat thy wooing tender, All the vows once more tell; Those sweet vows lov'd so well! Ah come listto my fond wooing! 'Tis with ar dour my heart imbu ing Listen unto my wooing, Listen unto my wooing! Ah! 'tis with ardour my heart imbuing.
Cole Porter - Down In The Depths.xml
With a million neon rainbows burning below me, and a million blazing taxis raising a roar, here I sit above the town, in my pet pallatted gown, down in the depths on the ninetieth floor. {While the crowds in all the nightclubs punish the parquet, and the bars are packed with couples calling for more, } I'm deserted and depressed in my regal eagle nest, down in the depths, the ninetieth floor, When the only one you wanted wants another, what's the use of swank and cash in the bank galore? Why even the janitor's wife has a perfectly good lovelife and here am I, facing tomorrow. Alone with my sorrow, down in the depths, on the nine tieth floor. {While the crowds at El Marocco punish the parquet and at Twenty One the coup les clamour for more, }
Bob Dylan - Don't Think Twice, It's Alright.xml
It ain't no use to sit and wonder why, Babe; It don't matter anyhow. It ain't no use to sit and wonder why, Babe, If you don't know by now. When that rooster crows at the break of dawn, Look out your window and I'll be gone. You're the reason that I'm travlin' on; Don't think twice, it's all right.  It ain't no use it turnin' on your light, Babe; That light I've never knowed. It ain't no use in turnin' on your light, Babe; I'm on the dark sid of the road. Still I wish there were something you would do or say To try and make me change my mind and stay. We never did too much talking anyway; Don't think twice, it's all right.  It
Jack Strachey - These Foolish Things.xml
A cigarette that bears a lipstick's traces, an airline ticket to romantic places, and still my heart has wings. These Foolish Things remind me of you. A thinkling piano in the next apartment, those stumbling words that told you what my heart meant, a fairground's painted swings. These Foolish Things remind me of you. You came, you saw, you conquer'd me; when you did that to me, I knew somehow this had to be. The winds of March that make my heart a dancer a telephone that rings but who's to answer Oh, how the ghost of you clings! These Foolish Things remind me of you.
Hank Cochran - A Little Bitty Tear.xml
When you said you were leaving tomorrow that today was our last day I said there'd be no sorrow that I'd laugh when you walked away But a little bitty tear let me down spoiled my act as a clown I had it made up to not make a frown. but a little bitty tear let me down! I said I'd laugh when you left me, pull a funny as you went out the door That I'd have another one waiting I'd wave goodbye as you go. little bitty tear let me down.
Jimmy Campbell, Reg Connelly, Ted Shapiro - If I Had You.xml
I could show the world how to smile, I could be glad all of the while; I could change the grey skies to blue if I had you. I could leave the old days behind; Leave all my pals, I'd never mind. I could start my life all anew if I had you. I could climb the snowcapped mountains, sail the mighty ocean wide; I could cross the burning desert if I had you by my side. I could be a king, dear, uncrowned; humble or poor, rich or renowned. There is nothing I couldn't do if I had you. you.
Harry Fragson, Bert Lee, Worton David - Hello Hello Who's Your Lady Friend?.xml
Hello hello whos your lady friend? whos the little girlie by your side? I've seen you with a girl or two Oh oh oh I am surprised at you hello hello stop your little games dont you think your ways you ought to mend? It isnt the girl I saw you with at Brighton who who whos your lady friend.
Hoagy Carmichael, Frank Loesser - Two Sleepy People.xml
Here we are, out of cigarettes holding hands and yawning, look how late it gets. Two sleepy people, by dawn's early light, and too much in love to say goodnight. Here we are, in the cozy chair, picking on a wishbone from the Frigidaire. Two sleepy people with nothing to say and two much in love to break away. Do you remember the nights we used to linger in the hall? Father didn't like you at all. Do you remember the reason why we married in the fall? To rent this little nest, and get a bit of rest. Well here we are just about the same, foggy little fella, drowsy little dame. Two sleeppy people, by dawn's early light, and too much in love to say goodnight. night.
Neil Young - Cinnamon Girl.xml
I'm gon na live with the Cin na mon Girl I can be hap py the rest of my life with the Cin na mon Girl A dream er of pic tures I run in the night You see us to geth er chas ing the moon light my Cin na mon Girl Boss sent no mon ey, now I'm gon na make it some how I need an oth er chance you see your ba by loves to dance yeah yeah yeah
Elvis Costello - ALISON.xml
Oh its so fun ny to be see ing you aft er so long girl. and with the way you look I un der stand that you are not im pressed I heard you let that lit tle friend of mine took off you par ty dress I'm not gon na get too sen ti men tal like those oth er stick y val en tines cuz I don't know if you were lov ing some bod y I on ly know it is n't mine AL IS ON I know this world is kill ing you oh AL IS SON My Aim Is True  Well, I see you have a hus band now. Did he leave your pret ty fin gers ly ing in the wed ding cake? You used to hold him right in your hand Did he take all he could take? Some times I wish that Icould stop you from talk ing when I hear those sil ly things you say I think some bod y bet ter put ot the big light cuz I can't stand to see you this way
Tommy Hill, Webb Pierce - Slowly.xml
Slowly I am falling more in love with you slowly you are winning a heart that can be true now I cant hide my feelings for its so plain and true slowly I'm falling more in love with you More and more I need you and want you by my side more and more I love you as each day passes by No need to hide my feelings for its so plain and true Slowly I'm falling more in love with you.
Christopher Cross - Ride Like The Wind (Transcribed).xml
It  is  the  night.  My  body's  weak. I'm  on  the  run.  No  time  to  sleep. I've  got  to  ride. Ride  like  the  wind.  to  be  free  again. And  I  got  such  a  long  way  to  go. To  make  it  to  the  border  of  Mexico. So  I'll  ride  like  the  wind. Ride  like  the  wind. I  was  born  the  son  of  a  lawless  man. Always  spoke  my mind  with  a  gun  in  my hand. Lived nine lives, gunned down ten.  Ride  like  the  wind. And  I  got  such  a  long  way  to  go. To  make  it  to  the  border  of  Mexico. So  I'll  ride  like  the  wind. Ride  like  the  wind. Gonna ride  like  the  wind. Accused and tried and told to hang I was nowhere  in  sight when the church  bells  rang. Never  was  the  kind  to  do as I was  told. Gonna  ride  like  the  wind  before  I  get  old. It  is  the  night.  My  body's  weak. I'm  on the  run.  No  time  to  sleep. I've got to ride. Ride  like  the  wind  to  be free aga in. And  I  got  such  a  long  way  to  go. To  make  it  to  the  bor der  of  Mexico. So  I'll  ride  like  the wind. Ride  like  the  wind. And  I  got  a  long  way  to  go. To  make  it  to  the  border  of  Mexico. So  I'll  ride  like  the  wind. Ride  like  the  wind. Gonna  ride  like  the  wind.
Hank Williams - House of Gold.xml
Peo ple steal they cheat and lie for wealth and what it will buy but don't they know on the judge ment day that gole and sil ver will melt a way I'd ra ther be ina deep dark grave and know that my poor soul was saved that to live in this world in a house of gold and de ny my God and doom my soul what good is gold and sil ver too if your heart's not pure and true sin ner hear me when I say fall down on on your knees and pray peo ple steal they cheat and lie for wealth and what it will buy but don't they know on the judge ment day that gole and sil ver will melt a way I'd ra ther be in a deep dark grave and know that my poor soul was saved that to live in this world in a house of gold and de ny my God and doom my soul what good is gold and sil ver too if your heart's not pure and true sin ner hear me when I say fall down on on your knees and pray
Traditional: Adapted By Mickey Newbury - An American Trilogy.xml
How I wish I was in the land of cot ton, old things they are not forgotten, look away, look away, look away, Dixieland. Oh I wish I was in Dixie, away, away, in Dixieland I take my stand to live and die in Dixie. 'Cause Dixieland that's were I was born, Early Lord, one frosty morn, look away, look away, look away Dixieland. Glory, glory Allelujah. Glory, glory alle lujah. Glory, glory alle lujah, His truth is marching on. So hush little children don't you cry. you know your daddy's bound to die. But all my trials Lord soon be over. Glory, glory alle lujah, His truth is marching on. His truth is marching on.
Al Sherman, Al Lewis, Buddy Fields - You Gotta Be A Football Hero.xml
You gotta be a footbal hero, To get along with the beautiful girls. You gotta be a touchdown getter, you bet. If you wanna get a baby to pet. The fact that you are rich or handsome, Won't get you anything in curls. You gotta be a football hero, To get along with the beautiful girls.
Richard A Whiting, Johnny Mercer - Too Marvelous For Words.xml
You're just too marvelous, too marvelous for words, like glorious, glamorous, and that old standby amorous. It's all too wonderful, I'll never find the words, that say enough, tell enough I mean they just aren't swell enough. You're much too much, and just too very, very! To ever be in Webster's Dictionary. And so I'm borrowing a love song from the birds, to tell you that you're marvelous too marvelous for words. You're words.
Albert Von Tilzer, Junie McCree - Put Your Arms Around Me, Honey.xml
Put your arms around me honey hold me tight huddle up and cuddle up with all your might Oh Oh wont you roll those eyes eyes that I just idolise when they look at me my heart begins to float then it starts a rockin like a motor boat oh oh I never knew an y one like you.
Fred Rogers - It's You I LIke.xml
It's you I like, It's not the things you wear, It's not the way you do your hair, But it's you I like. The way you are right now, The way deep down inside you Not the things that hide you, Not your toys They're just beside you. But it's you I like, Ev'ry part of you, Your skin, your eyes, your feelings Whether old or new. I hope that you'll remember Even when you're feeling blue That it's you I like, it's you yourself, It's you, It's you I like.
Herman Hupfeld - As Time Goes By.xml.1
This day and age we're living in, gives cause for apprehenmsion, With speed and new invention, and things like third dimenion, yet, we get a trifle weary, with Mister Einstein's the'ry, So we must get down to earth, at times relax, relieve the tension. No matter what the progress, or waht may yet be proved, The simple acts of life are such they cannot be removed You must re– mem– ber this, a kiss is still a kiss, A sigh is just a sigh; The fun– da– men– tal things ap– ply, as time goes by. And when two lovers woo, they still say "I love you," On that you can rely; No matter waht the future brings, as time goes by. Moon– light and love songs nev– er out of date, Hearts full of pas– sion, Jeal– ous– y and hate; Wo– man needs man and man must have his mate, That no one can de– ny. It's still the same old sto– ry, a fight for love and glo– –ry,– A case of do or die! The word will al– ways wel– come lov– ers, as time goes by. You
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - In My Own Little Corner.xml
In my own little corner, in my own little chair, I can be whatever I want to be. On the wing of my fancy I can fly anywhere, And the world will open it's arms to me. I'm a young Norwegian princess or a milkmaid, I'm the greatest prima donna in Milan. I'm an heiress who has always had her silk made, By her own flock of silkworms in Japan. I'm a girl men go mad for, love's a game I can play with a cool and confident kind of air, Just as long as I stay in my own little corner, All alone in my own little chair. In my chair.
Don Burch - You Cheated (Transcribed).xml
You cheated, you lied, you said that you loved me. You cheated, you lied, you said that you want me. Oh, what can I do but just keep on loving you? Love is something you know nothing about. Love is something you can't live without. So please try to love me, love me like I love you. Oh, Oh, Oh, please try to love me, love me like I love you. You cheated, you lied, you said that you want me. You cheated, you lied, you said that you loved me. Oh, what can I do? Oh, what can I do? Oh, what can I do?
C. Olcott & E.R.Ball, R.J.Young - Mother Machree.xml
There's a spot in me heart which no colleen may own, There's a depth in me soul never sounded or known; There's a place in my mem'ry, my life that you fill No other can take it, No one ever will. Sure I love the dear silver that shines in your hair, And the brow that's all furrowed And wrinkled with care. I kiss the dear fingers so toil worn for me, Oh, God bless you and keep you, Mother Machree!
George Weiss, Bennie Benjamin - I Don't See Me In Your Eyes Anymore.xml
Tho your heart may try concealing the one you're dreaming of there's a magic mirror in your eyes reclecting the one you love! I don't see me in your eyes anymore Oh why can't I make them shine as before I don't see you or your heart in your kiss when you should sigh that you're mine you resist There was a time life was fine love was ecstacy but now I doubt what the outcome will be I pray you'll say I'm the one you adore then I'll see me in your eyes as before I don't see fore.
Jonathan Cain, Neal Schon, Steve Perry - DON'T STOP BELIEVIN'.xml
Just a small town girl living in a lonely world She took the midnight train goin' anywhere Just a city boy born and raised in South Detroit He took the midnight train goin' anywhere A singer in a smoky room The smell of wine and cheap per fume For a smile they can share the night It goes on and on and on and on Strangers waiting up and down the boul e vard Their shad ows search ing in the night Street lights peo ple liv ing just to find e mot ion Hid ing Some where in the night Work ing hard to get my fill Ev' ry bo dy wants a thrill Pay ing an y thing to throw the dice One Nore time Some will win Some wil lose Some were born to sing the blues Oh the mov ie nev er end it goes on and on and on and on DON'T STOP BE LIEV ING Hold on to the feel ing Street Lights peo ple Ohhhh
Al Stone, Jack Lawrence - Symphony.xml
Synphony, Symphony of love Music from above, How does it start? You walk in And the song begins, Singing violins start in my Heart. Then you speak The melody seems to rise Then you sigh It sighs and it softly dies, Symphony sing to me Then we kiss And it's clear to me When you're near to me, you are my Symphony Sym phony.
Cole Porter - Anything Goes.xml.1
In olden days, a glimpse of stocking was looked on nas something shocking, now heaven knows, anything goes. Good authors, too, who once knew better words now only use four letter words writing prose, anything goes. The world has gone mad today, and good's bad today, and black's white today, and day's night today, when most guys today, that women prize today, are just silly gigolos. So though I'm not a great romancer, I know that you're bound to ansswer, when I propose, anything goes. In goes.
Don Upton, Stan Zabka - Christmas Eve In My Hometown.xml
'Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring nor even a mouse! And there were carols in the square, laughter ev'rywhere, Couples kissing under the mistle toe; I can't help reminiscing Knowing I'll be missing, Christmas Eve in my hometown. Nothing can erase, the mem'ries I embrace, Those familiar footprints upon the snow. There's so much to remember, no wonder I remember Christmas Eve in my hometown. I'd like to be there trimming the tree there, and there's a chance I might be! I can hear singing, steeple bells ringing, Noel and Silent Night. Wisemen journyedfar, guided by a Star, But though I'm not a wiseman this I know; Though dreams and just pretending, I'm there and I'll be spending Christmas Eve in my hometown. And there were town.
Eddie Munson, Eddie Leonard - Ida (Sweet As Apple Cider).xml
Ida sweet as apple ci der sweeter than all I know come out in the silvry moonlight of love we'll whiser so soft and low seems I cant live without you listen oh honey do Ida I idolize yer I love you Ida deed I do.
Sixpence None the Richer - Kiss Me.xml
Kiss me out of the bearded barley Nightly beside the green green grass Swing swing swing the spi nning step You wear those shoes and I will wear that dress Kiss me Beneath the milky twilight Lead me out on the moonlit floor Lift your open hand strike up the band make the fire flies dance silver moon sparkling so kiss me Kiss me down by the broken tree house Swing me upon its hanging tire Bring Bring bring your flowered hat we'll take the trail marked on  your father's map
Steven Adams - The Holy City.xml
Last night I lay asleeping There came a dream so fair I stood in old Jerusalem, Beside the temple there; I heard the children singing And ever as they sang Me thought the voice of angels From Heaven in answer rang Me thought the voice of angels From heaven in answer rang Jerusalem Jerusalem Lift up your gates and sing! Hosanna inthe highest Hosanna to your King! And then me thought my dream was changed, The streets no longer rang Hushed were the glad Hosannas The little children sang. The sun grew dark with mystery The morn was cold and chill, As,the shadow of a cross arose Upon a lonely hill As,the shad ow of a cross arose Upon a lonely hill And And once again the scene was changed New earth there seemed to be I saw the holy city Beside the tideless sea The light of God was on its streets The gates were open wide And all who would might enter And no one was denied No need of moon or stars by night Or sun to shine by day It was the new Jerusalem that would not pass away. It was the new Jerusalem that would not pass away. Jerusalem Jerusalem Sing for the night is o'er Hosanna inthe highest Hosanna forever more. Hosanna in the highest Hosanna for ever more
Frederick Lowe, Alan Jay Lerner - On The Street Where You Live.xml
I have often walked down this street before, But the pavement always stayed beneath my feet before. All at once am I sev'ral stories high, Knowing I'm on the street where you live. Are there lilac trees in the heart of town? Can you hear a lark in any other part of town? Does enchantment pour out of ev'ry door? No, it's just on the street where you live. And oh, the towering feeling, just to know somehow you are near! The over powering feeling That any second you may suddenly appear! People stop and stare: they don't bother me; For there's nowhere else on earth that I would rather be. Let the time go by, I wont care if I Can be here on the street where you live.
Billie Holiday, Arthur Herzog, Jr - Don't Explain.xml
Hush now don't explain! Just say you'll remain, I'm glad you're back, Don't Explain! Quiet, don't explain! What is there to gain?    Skip that lipstick, don't explain! You know that I love you and what love encures. All my thoughts are of you for I'm so completely yours. Cry to hear folks chatter, And I know you cheat. Right or wrong don't matter when you're with me, sweet. Hush now don't explain! You're my joy and pain. My life's yours, love, Don't explain! plain!
Alan Menken, Howard Ashman - Under the Sea.xml.1
The seaweed is always greener In somebody else's lake. You dream about going up there. But that is a big mistake. Just look at the world around you, Right here on the ocean floor. Such wonderful things surround you. What more is you lookin' for? Under the sea, Under the sea. Darling it's better Down where it's wetter. Take it from me. Up on the shore they work all day. Out in the sun they slave away. While we devotin' full time to floatin' Under the sea. Down here all the fish is happy As off through the waves they roll. The fish on the land ain't happy. They sad 'cause they in the bowl. But fish in the bowl is lucky, They in for a wor ser fate. One day when the boss get hungry, on^the^plate? One More! Under the sea, Under the sea. Nobody beat us, Fry us and eat us In fricasee. We what the land folks loves to cook. Under the sea we off the hook. We got no troubles Life is the bubbles Under the sea. Under the sea. Since life is sweet here We got the beat here Naturally. Even the sturgeon an' the ray They get the urge 'n^start to play. We got the spirit, You got to hear it Under the sea. The newt play the flute. The carp play the harp. The plaice play the bass And they soundin' sharp. The bass play the brass. The chub play the tub. The fluke is the duke of soul. The ray he can play. The ling's on the strings. The trout rockin' out. The blackfish she sings. The smelt and the sprat They know where An' oh, that blowfish blow. Under the sea. Under the sea. When the sar
Harvey Schmidt, Tom Jones - Try To Remember.xml
Try to remember the kind of September when life was slow and oh, so mellow. Try to remember the kind of September when grass was green and grain was yellow. Try to remember the kind of September when you were a tender and callow fellow. Try to remember and if you remember then follow. Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, Try to remember when life was so tender that no one wept except the willow. Try to remember when life was so tender that dreams were kept beside your pillow. Try to remember when life was so tender that love was an ember about to billow. Try to remember and if you remember then follow. Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Charles Hart - The Music Of The Night.xml
Night time sharpens heightens each sensation Darkness stirs and wakes imagination silently the senses a bandom their defences slowly gently night unfurls its spendour grasp it sense it tremulous and tender turn your face away from the garish light of day, turn your thoughts away from cold unfeeling light and listen to the music of the night close your eyes and surender to your darkest dreams purge your thoughts of the life you knew before close your eyes let your spirit start to soar and you'll live as you've never lived be fore softly deftly music shall caress you hear it feel it secretly posess you open up your mind let your fantasies unwind in this darkness which you know you cannot fight the darkness of the music of the night.
Larry Henley, Jeff Silbar - The Wind Beneath My Wings.xml
It must have been cold there in my shadow to never have sunlight in your face you were content to let me shine you always walked a step behind So I was the one with all the glory while you were the one with all the strength beautiful face with out a name beautiful smile to hide the pain Did you ever know that you're my hero and evry thing I'd like to be like to be I can fly higher than an eaegle cause you are the wind beneath my wings
Aaron Schroeder, Sid Wayne - I'm Gonna Knock On Your Door.xml
I'm gonna knock on your door, ring on your bell, Tap on your window too. If you don't come out tonight while the moon is bright I'm gonna knock and ring and tap until you do. I'm gonna knock on your door, call out your name, Wake up the town, you'll see. I'm gonna whoohoot and howl like a lovesick owl Until you say you're gonna come out with me. Hey little girl, this ain't no time to sleep Let's count kisses 'stead of countin' sheep. How, How can I hold you near with you up there and me down here? I'm gonna knock on your door, ring at your bell, Wake up the town, you'll see If you don't come out tonight when the moon is bright, I'm gonna knock and ring and tap until you do. I'm gonna do.
Billy Joel - The Longest Time.xml
Oh oh oh oh For the longest time Oh oh oh For the longest If you said goodbye to me tonight There would still be music left to write What else could I do? I'm so inspired by you That hasn't happened for the longest time Once I thought my innocence was gone Now I know that happiness goes on That's where you found me When you put your arms around me I haven't been there for the longest time Oh oh oh oh For the longest time Oh oh oh For the longest Maybe this won't last very long But you feel so right and I could be wrong Maybe I've been hoping too hard I've gone this far and it's more than I hoped for I'm that voice you're hearing in the hall And the greatest miracle of all Is how I need you And how you needed me too That hasn't happened for the longest time I had second thoughts at the start I said to myself "Hold on to your heart" Now I know the woman that you are You're wonderful so far and it's more than I hoped for I don't care what consequence it brings I have been a fool for less er things I want you so bad I think you ought to know that I intend to hold you for the longest time Oh oh oh oh For the longest time Oh oh oh For the longest
Irving Berlin - It's A Lovely Day Today.xml
It's a lovely day today, so whatever you've got to do, You've got a lovely day to do it in, that's true. And I hope whatever you've got to do is something that can be done by two, for I'd really like to stay. It's a lovely day today, and whatever you've got to do I'd be so happy to be doing it with you. But if you've got something that must be done, and it can only be done by one there is nothing more to say except it's a lovely day for saying it's a lovely day. It's a day.
Dick Thomas, Ray Freedman - Sioux City Sue.xml
I drove a herd of cattle down from old Nebraska way. That's how I come to be in the state ofI o way I met a girl in Ioway; Her eyes were big and blue, I asked her what her name was; She said "SIOUXCITY SUE'. SIOUX CITY SUE SIOUX CITY SUE, Your hair is red, your eyes are blue, I'd swap my horse and dog for you. SIOUX CITY SUE, SIOUX CITY SUE, There ain't no gal as true as my sweet SIOUX CITY SUE. I asked her if she had a beau; She said "Yes, quite a few," But still I started courtin' my sweet SIOUX CITY SUE. The first time that I stole a kiss I caught her stealing two, I asked her did she love me; She said "Indeed I do." SUE.
Irwin Levine, L. Russel Brown - Knock Three Times.xml
Hey girl what cha do in down there? Dancing alone evry night while I live right above you I can hear your music playin I can feel your body swayin one floor below me you don't even know me I love you Oh my darling knock three times on the ceiling if you want me twice on the pipe if the answer is no oh my sweet ness (Knock ) means you'll meet me in the hallway twice on the pipe means you ain't gonna show if you look out your window tonight Pull in the string with the note that attached to my heart read how many times I saw you How in my silence ai adore you And only in my dreams did that wall between us come, apart Oh my darlin
Traditional - Just a Closer Walk With Thee.xml
I am weak but Thou art strong Je sus keep me from all wro ng I'll be sat is fied as lo ng as I walk let me walk close to Thee Just a clo ser walk with Thee. Grant it Je sus is my pl ea dai ly walk ing close to thee Let it be dear Lord let it be. Through this world of toil and snares If I fal ter Lord who cares who with me my bur den shares none but Thee dear Lord none but Thee Just a clo ser walk with Thee. Grant it Je sus is my pl ea dai ly walk ing close to thee Let it be dear Lord let it be. When my fe eble life is o'er Time for me will be no more Guide me gent ly safe ly o'er to Thy Kig dom shore to Thy shore. Just a clo ser walk with Thee. Grant it Je sus is my pl ea dai ly walk ing close to thee Let it be dear Lord let it be.
Celestine Akins - Pardon Me If I Break Your Heart.xml
Par don me if I break your heart That's what you seem to be say ing Par don me if I hurt the one who loves me Cause it's just a game we're play ing Par don me if I made you cry You've said that so man y times Par don me if I hurt you a gain dear Seems to be one of your lines
Mort Shuman, Doc Pomus - Save The Last Dance For Me.xml
You can dance ev'ry dance with the guy who gave you the eye let him hold you tight. You can smile ev'ry smile for the man who held your hand 'neath the pale moonlight. But don't forget who's taking you home and in whose arms you're gonna be. So darlin', save the last dance for me. Oh I know that the music is fine, like sparkling wine go and have your fun. Laught and sing but while we're apart don't give your heart to anyone. me. Baby don't you know I love you so? Can't you feel it when we touch? I can never never let you go. I love you, oh, so much You can dance, go and carry on til the night is gone and it's time to go. If he asks if you're all alone, can he take you home you must tell him no. 'Cause don't forget who's taking you home and in whose arms you're gonna be. So darlin', save the last dance for me.
Pierre Norman, Irving Kahal, Sammy Fain - You Brought A New Kind Of Love To Me.xml
If the nightingales could sing like you, They'd sing much sweeter than they do, For you've brought a new kind of love to me. If the sandman brought me dreams of you, I'd want to sleep my whole life thru, For you've brought a new kind of love to me. I know that I'm the slave, you're my queen, But still you can understand, That underneath it all you're a maid and I am only a man. I would work and slave, The whole day thru, If I could hurry home to you, For you've brought a new kind of love to me If I me.
Chet Forrest, Bob Wright - It's A Blue World.xml
It's a blue world without you. It's a blue world alone. My days and nights that once were filled with heaven, with you away, how empty they have grown. It's a blue world from now on; it's a through world for me. The sea, the sky, my heart and I, we're all an indigo hue, without you it's a blue, blue world. It's a world.
Joseph Meyer, Roger Wolfe Kahn, Irving Caesar - Crazy Rhythm.xml
Crazy rhythym here's the doorway I'll go my way you'll fo your're way. Crazy rhythym from now on we're though. Here is where we have a showdown. I'm too highhat you're too lowdown, crazy rhythym here's goodbye to you. They say that when a highbrow meets a lowbrow walking along Broadway, soon the highbrow he has no brow Ain't it a shame, and you're to blame. What's the use of Prohibition? You produce the smae condition, Crazy Rhythym, I've gone crazy too.
Stephen H Dorff, Larry Herbstritt, Gloria Sklerov, Harry Lloyd - I just fall in love again.xml
Dreamin I must be dreamin or am I really lyin here with you? Baby you take me in your arms and though I'm wide awake I know my dream is comin true and Oh I just fall in love again Just one touch and then it happens evry time there I go I just fall in love again and when I do I cant help myself I fall in love with you Magic it must be magic the way I hold you and the night just seems to fly Easy for you to take me to a star heaven is that moment when I look into your eyes And you Can't help myself I fall in love with you
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - I saw her standing there.xml
Well she was just seventeen you know what I mean and the way she looked was way beyond compare so how could I dance with another oh when I saw her standing there. Well she looked at me and I I could see that before too long I'd fall in love with her she wouldnt dance with another oh when I saw her standing there well my heart went zoom when I crossed that room and I held her hand in mine oh we danced through the night and we held each other tight and before too long I fell in love with her Now I'll never dance with another oh when I saw her standing since I there there
Bon Jovi - Born To Be My Baby.xml
Na na na na na na na na na na na, na na na na na na na na na na na. Na na na na na na na na na na na. Rainy night and we worked all day. We both got jobs 'cause there's bills to pay. We got something they can'ttake away;ourlove, ourlives. Close the door leave the cold outside. I don't need nothing when I'm by your side. We got something that'll never die;our dreams, our pride.My heart beats like a drum (all night.)Flesh to flesh, one to one and it's alright.And I'll never let go 'cause there's something I know deep inside. You wereborn to be my baby and, baby I was made to be your man.We got something to believein, even if we don't know where we stand.Only God would know the reason but I bet he must have had a plan.'Cause you wereborn to be my baby and, baby I was made to be yourman.Light a candle, blow the world away. Table for two on a T. V. tray. It ain't fancy baby, that's okay,ourtime, ourway. So hold me close better hang on tight. Buckle, up, baby, it's a bumpy ride. We're two kids hitching down the road of lifeourworld, our fight. If we stand side by side (all night)there's a chance we'll get by (and it's alright.) And I'll know that you'll live in my heart till the day that I die. 'Cause You wereborn to be my baby and, baby I was made to be your man.We got something to believein, even if we don't know where we stand.Only God would know the reason but I bet he must have had a plan.'Cause you wereborn to be my baby and, baby I was made to be your man.And my heart beats like a drum (all night.)Flesh to flesh, one to one and it's alright.And I'll never let go 'cause there's something I know deep inside. You wereborn to be my baby and, baby I was made to be your man.We got something to believein, even if we don't know where we stand.Only God would know the reason but I bet he must have had a plan.'Cause you wereborn to be my baby and, baby I was made to be yourman.You wereborn to be my baby and baby, I was made to be your man. na na na na na, na na na na na na na na na na na. Na na na na na na na na na na na, na na na na na na na na na na na.
Leo Robin, Lewis E. Gensler - Love Is Just Around The Corner.xml
Love is just around the corner, anycozzy little corner, love is just around the corner, when I'm around you. I'm a senti menal mourner, and I couldn'tbe forlorner when you keep me on the corner just waiting for you. Venus de Milo was noted for her charms, but strictly between us you're cuter than Venus and whar's more you've got arms. So let's go cuddle in a corner any cozzy little corner Love is just around the corner and I'm around you. you. Oo
Robert M.Jordan - English Country Garden.xml
How many gentle flowers grow in an English country garden? I'll tell you now of some I know, and those I miss I hope you'll pardon. Daffodils, hearts, season phlox, Meadowsweet and lilies, stocks; gentle lupin and tall hollyhocks; roses, foxgloves, snowdrops, forgetme nots, in an English country garden. How many insects find their home in an English country garden? I'll tell you now of some I know, and those I miss I hope you'll pardon. Dragon flies moths and bees Spiders falling from the trees, butter flies sway in the mild gentle breeze. There are hedgehogs that roam and little gnomes in an English country garden
Cole Porter - I Love Paris (Long sheet).xml
I love Paris in the springtime I love Paris in the fall I love Paris in the summer when it sizzles I love Paris in the winter when it drizzles I love Paris every moment Every moment of the year I love Paris why oh why do I love Paris Because my love is here
Merle Kilgore, June Carter - Ring Of Fire.xml
Love is a burning thing and it makes a fiery ring bound by wild desires I fell in to a ring of fire I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down down down and the flames went high and it burns burns burns the ring of fire the ring of fire the taste of love is sweet when hearts like ours beat I fell for you like a child Oh but the fire went wild fire and it burns burns burns the ring of
Victor Herbert & Rida Johnson Young - I'm Falling In Love With Someone.xml
My pulses beat madly without any cause. Believe me, I'm telling you truly. I'm gay without pause, then sad without cause, My spirits are truly unruly. For I'm Falling in love with someone, someone girlI'm falling in love with someone, headawhirl. Yes I'm falling in love with someone, plain to see. I'm sure I could love someone madly, if someone would only love me.
Johnny Green, Edward Heyman - Out Of Nowhere.xml
You came to me from out of nowhere, you took my heart and found it free. Wonderful dreams, wonderful schemes from nowhere made ev'ry hour, sweet as a flower for If you should go back to your nowhere, leaving me with a memory, I'll always wait for your return out of nowhere; hoping you'll bring your love to me. me.
James V. Monaco, Johnny Burke - Only Forever.xml
Do I want to be with you as the years come and go? only for ever If you care to know would I grant all your wishes and be proud of the task? only forever If someone should ask how long would it take me to be near if you beckoned? off hand I would figure less than a second do you think I'll remember how you looked when you smiled? only for ever that's putting it mild.
Traditional - Let Him Go, Let Him Tarry.xml
Let him go let him tarry let him sink or let him swim He doesnt care for me and I dont care for him He can go and get another that I hope he will enjoy for I'm going to marry a far nicer boy let him go o let him go o let him go let him tar ry let him sink or let  him swim  he can go and get another that I hope he will enjoy for I'm going to marry a far nic er boy
Leon Pober - Tiny Bubbles.xml
Tiny bubbles in the wine make me happy make me feel fine tiny bubbles make me warm all over with a feelin that I'm gonna love you till the end of time so here's to the golden moon and here's to the silver sea and mostly here's a toast to you and me tiny bubbles in the wine make me happy make me feel fine tiny bubbles make me warm all over with a feelinthat I'm gonna love you till the end of time.
Jerome Moross, John LaTouche - Lazy Afternoon.xml
It's a lazy afternoon, and the beetle bugs are zoomin' and the tulip trees are bloomin', and there's not another human in view, but us two. It's a lazy afternoon and the farmer leaves his reapin' in the meadow cows are sleepin' and the specklled trout stop leapin' upstream as we dream. A fat pink cloud hangs over the hill, unfoldin' like a rose. If you hold my hand and sit real still you can hear the grass as it grows. It's a lazy afternoon, and I know a place that's quiet 'cept for daisies running riot and there's no one passing by it to see. Come spend this lazy afternoon with me.
James F. Hanley, Ballard Mac Donald - Rose Of Washington Square.xml
Rose Of Washington Square, I'm withering there in basement air I'm fading, Pose with plain or fancy clothes, they say my Roman nose it seems to please artistic people. Beaux I've plenty of those, with second hand clothes and nice long hair. I've got those Broadway vampires lashed to the mast, I've got no future but, oh, what a past. I'm Rose Of Washington Square.
Duke Ellington, Bob Russell - I Didn't Know About You.xml
I ran around with my own little crowd, The usual laughs, not often but loud, and in the world that I knew I didn't know about you. Chasing after the ring on the merrygoround. Just taking my fun where it could be found, and yet what else could I do; I didn't know about you. Darling now I know I had the loneliest yesterday, ev'ry day. In your arms I know for once in my life I'm living. Had a good time ev'rytime I went out. Romance was a thing I kidded about. How could I know about love? I didn't know about you.
Walter Donaldson, Harold Adamson - It's Been So Long.xml
I think of things we used to do And wonder why we had to part, I think of all the joys we knew And there's a longing in my heart 'cause it's been so long since I held you tight, When we said goodnight, It's been so long honey can't you see What you've done to me. I've been in a kind of daze, For days and days and days, Feelin' blue missin' you in oh, so many ways 'cause it was so nice When we had that date, Ev'ry night at eight, It was so nice Then we said goodbye What a fool was I Let me get back in your arms Where I belong 'cause it's been oh! so long. 'cause it's been long.
Dana Suesse, Edward Heyman - My Silent Love.xml.1
I reach for you like I'd reach for a star, worshiping you from afar, living with my silent love. I'm like a flame dying out in the rain, only the ashes remain, smould'ring like my silent love. How I long to tell, all the things I have planned. Still, it's wrong to tell, you would not understand. You'll go along never dreaming I care, loving somebody somewhere, leaving me my silent love. love.
Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden and Adolph Green - A Quiet Girl.xml
Oand over I pick the smart inellectual kind. It happens over and over. When all along I've been hoping to find a diff'rent kind, another kind of girl. I love a quiet girl. In love a gentle girl. Warm as sunlight, soft, soft as snow. Her smile a tender smile, her voice a velvet voice. Sweet as musicm soft, soft as snow.
Gene Autry - You're The Only Star In My Blue Heaven.xml
You're the only star in my blue heaven and you're shining just for me You're the only star in my blue heaven and in dreams your face I see. You're the guiding light that brightens up the night, 'till you come in sight my heart is lonely. You're the only star in my blue heaven and you're shining just for me.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - A Ship Without A Sail.xml
I don't know what day it is, Or if it's dark or fair; Somehow, that's just the way it is, And i don't really care. I go to this or that place, I seem alive and well; My head is just a hat place, My breast and empty shell! And I've a faded dream to sell. All alone, all at sea! Why does nobody care for me, When there's no love to hold my love? Why is my heart so frail, Like a ship without a sail? Out on the ocean, sailors can use a chart; I'm on the ocean guided by just a lonely heart. Stillalone, still at sea! Still there's no one to care for me, When there's noone to hold my hand. Life is a loveless tale; For a ship without a sail. sail.
Hank Williams - Your Cheatin' Heart.xml
Your cheatin heart will make you weep you'll cry and cry and try to sleep but sleep wont come the whole night through your cheatin heart will tell on you When tears come down like fallin rain you'll toss around and call my name you'll walk the floor the way I do your cheating heart will tell on you your cheatin heart will pine some day and crave the love you threw away the time will come when you'll be blue your cheatin heart will tell on you you.
David Smith & Harry Connelly - A MOTHER AS LOVELY AS YOU.xml
Since I left your tender care, Though I've travell'd ev'rywhere; In this world I never knew, A mother as lovely as you You are still as sweet to see, As you always used to be; God was kind in giving me, A mother as lovely as you.
Henry Mancini, Norman Gimbel - Slow Hot Wind.xml
Her gaze swept over me like a slow hot wind Some days it's too warm to fight a There in the shade like a cool drink waitting she sat with slow fire in her eyes just waitin Some days it's too hot to fight a slow hot wind a slow hot wind.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - June Is Bustin' Out All Over.xml
June is bustin out all over all over the meadow and the hill! buds are bustin out a bushes and the rompin river pushes evry little wheel that wheels beside a mill! June is bustin out all over the feeling is gettin so intense that the young Virginia creepers have been huggin the bejeepers out of all the mornin'glories on the fence! because it's June June June June Just because it's June! June! June!
James Austin Butterfield, George Washington Johnson - When You And I Were Young, Maggie.xml
I wandered today to the hill, Maggie, To watch the scene below; The creek and the creaking old mill, Maggie, As we used to long ago. The green grove is gone from the hill, Maggie, Where first the daisies sprung. The creaking old mill is still, Maggie, Since you and I were young. And now we are aged and gray, Maggie, And the trials of life nearly done; Let us sing to the days that are gone, Mag gie, When you and I were young.
Turner, Turner  - Me And God.xml
Ther ain't noth in that can't be done by Me and God Ain't no bod y gon na come be tween Me and God One day we'll live to geth er where the an gels trod Me and God Ear ly in the morn ing Talk in' it ov er Me and God Late at night Talk in' it ov er Me and God You could say we're like two peas in a pod Me and God He's my Fath er He's my friend The be gin ing and the end He rules the world with a staff and the rod We're a team Me and God I am weak and He is strong Me and God He for gives me when I'm wrong Me and God he's the One I lean on When life gets hard Me and God He's my We're a team Me and God
Traditional English - A Day Of Joy And Feasting.xml
A day of joy and feasting, Of happiness and mirth; And ev'ry year it cometh here To gladden all the earth. Sing Nowell! Sing Nowell! And merry be always; Join in the song, the sound prolong All on a Christmas day.
Jimmy van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Oh, You Crazy Moon.xml
When they met, the way they smiled, I saw that I was thru, oh, you crazy moon what did you do? When they kissed they tried to say that it was just in fun, oh, you crazy moon look what you've done. Once you promised me, you know, that it would never end, You should be ashamed to show your funny face my friend. There they are, they fell in love, I guess you think you're smart, oh, you crazy moon you broke my heart. heart.
Irving Berlin - All Of My Life.xml
I just want the right to love you all of my life; just the right to take care of you all of my life. I just want the right to be near you, always to be there, sharing ev'ry care and strife. Life can be as simple as a nursery rhyme, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, all of the time. Long as I may live I just want the right to give all my love with all my heart for all of my life.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Nobody's Heart.xml
Nobody'd heart belongs to me, Heighho! Who cares? Nobody writes his song to me, No one belongs to me, That's the least of my cares. I may be sad at times, And disinclined to play, But it's not bad at times, To go your own sweet way. Nobody's arms belong to me, No arms feel strong to me, I admire the moon, As a moon, Just a moon, Nobody's heart belongs to me to day.
James Van Heusen , Sammy Cahn - Ain't That A Kick In The Head.xml
How lucky can one guy be? I kissed her and she kiss me Like the fella once said, Ain't that a kick in the head? The room was completely black, I hugged her and she hugged back! Like the sailor said, quote, "Aint that a hole in the boat?" My head keeps spining, I go to sleep and keep grining! If this is just the beginning, my life is gonna be beauteeful! I've sunshine enough to spread; its just like the falla said Tell me quick, ain't love a kick in the head? How bed; I couldnt feel any better or I'd be sick Tell me quick! Ain't love a kick in the head.
Bob Merrill - The Doughnut Song.xml
It's written on the rainbow in letters made of gold written on the rainbow there's wisdom to behold my friend the little sparrow flew close enough to see written on the rainbow is this philosophy when you walk through life you'll have no cares if you walk the lines and not the squares as you go through life make this your goal watch the doughnut not the hole. It's written on the rainbow way up there in the blue I don't know who wrote it but gee I wish I knew my friend the little sparrow agrees it must be so Little angels wrote it so folks on earth would know not the hole its written of the rainbow.
William Douglas, amended by Lady John Scott - Annie Laurie.xml
Maxwellton's braes are bonnie where early falls the dew and its there that Annie Laurie gied me her promise true gied me her promise true which ne'er forgot will be and for bonnie Annie Laurie I'd lay me down and dee.
Billy Austin, Louis Jordan - Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby?.xml
I got a gal who's always late Evry time we have a date but I love her Yes, I love her I'm gonna walk up to her gate and see if i can get it straight, 'cause I love her I'm gonna ask her Is you is, or is you ain't my baby? The way you're acting lately made me doubt You'se is still my baby, baby. Seems my flame in your heart done gone out A woman is a creature that has always been strange Just when you're sure of one you'll find she's gone and made a change So is you is or is you ain't my baby? Maybe baby's found somebody new Or is my baby still my baby true?
Dave Brubeck - Weep No More.xml
In your eyes was the promise of the endless skies. Now you say our love will die. And you cry. Weep no more. Now our song is as mournful as the day is long. Heavy as a million years. Filled with tears. Weep no more. Let's relive our drams and forget our schemes of a world gone mad. What we had, let's have. What was there for us let's take care for us. No, our love's not through. It is born anew. Weep no more. For a heart so through with love can be filled anew with love. Weep no more. weep no more.
Frank Bjorn, Jack Harlen - ALLEY CAT SONG.xml
He goes on the prowl each night like an alley cat, Lookin for some new delight like an alley cat. She can't trust him out of sight, there's no doubt of that. He just don't know wrong from right like an alley cat. He meets 'em (Meeow) and loves 'em (Meeow) and leaves 'em (Meeow) that's what Catsanova does. It's no way to treat a pal, She should tell him, scat! Aren't you sorry for that gal with her alley cat? And that's the sad, sad tale of a lone some frail, and her alley cat.
Matthew Koma, Porter Robinson, Anton Zaslavski, Zedd, Skylar Grey - Clarity.xml
Hot dive into frozen waves where the past comes back to life. Fight fear for the selfish pain, it was worth it ev'ry time. Hold still right before we crash, 'cuz we both know how this ends. Our clock ticks till it breaks your glass and I drown in you again. 'Cuz you are the piece of me I wish I didn't need! Chasing relenlessly, Still fight and I don't know why if our love is tragedy why are you my remedy? If our love's insanity why are you my clarity? Yeah...
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - I See Your Face Before Me.xml
I see your face before me crowding my ev'ry dream. There is your face befor me; you are my only theme. It doesn't matter where you are, I can see how fair you are. I close my eyes and there you are, always. If you could share the magic, if you could see me too. There would be nothing tragic in all my dreams of you. Would that my love could haunt you so; knowing I want you so, I can't erase your beautiful face before me.
Mac Davis - I'll Paint You A Song.xml
I'm just a country boy, there's little I can offer you. Just ryhmes and melodies. are all I have to give. But I've made friends with life and I can comfort you, If you'll just come with me, I'l show you how to live. I'll sing you a morning with laughing blue birds. I'll sing you a fairytale full of ribbons and crepe paper words. I'll sing you a rainbow you can keep for your own. I'll sing you a morning, I'll pain you a song. I look inside your eyes, and find a little girl whose dreams have turned to sand. somewhere along her way. But if you'll close your eyes and step inside my world, I'll take you by the hand, We'll find a brand new day I'll sing you a meadow with marshmallow skies. I'll sing your a pupy dog with a pink tongue and big loving eyes. I'll sing you a sunset that glows all night long. I'll sing you a meadow, I'l paint you a song!
Neal Hefti, Bobby Troup - Girl Talk.xml
They like to chat about the dresses they will wear tonight, they chew the fat about their tresses and their neighbors flight. In consequential things that men don't really care to know become essential things that women find so "appropo." but that's a dame, they're all the same; it's just a game; they call it girl talk, girl talk. They all meow about the ups and downs of all their friends, the "who," the "how," the "why," they dish the dirt, it never ends. The weaker sex, the speaker sex we mortal males behold, but tho' we joke we wouldn't trade you for a ton of gold. So baby stay and gab away but hear me say that after girl talk, talk to me. (We) (we) (we) (our) (our) (we're) (we) (we) (our) (we) ' (you) (It's all been planned, so take my hand, please understand the sweetest girl talk, talkds of
Leroy Anderson - Sleigh Ride.xml
Just hear those sleigh bells jinglringtingtingling too Come on it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you Outside the sleigh bells jinglringtingtingling too Come on lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you Giddyyup Giddyyup Giddyyup let's go Let's look at the snow. we're riding in a wonderland of snow Giddyyap Giddyyap Giddyyap it's grand just holding your hand. We're gliding along with a song of a wintery fairy Land Our cheeks are nice and rosy comfy cozy are we we're snuggled up together like two birds of a feather would be Let's take that nice and rosy comfy cozy are we we're snugup together like two birds of a feather would be
Terry Shand, Jimmy Eaton, Mickey Leader - Dance With A Dolly.xml
As I was walkin' down the street, down the street, down the street I met somebody who was mighty sweet, mighty fair to see. I asked her would she like to have a talk, have a talk, make some talk. All the fellows standin' on the walk, wishin' they were me. Mama, mama, let me dress up tonight, dress up tonight, dressup tonight, I've got a secret gonna 'fess up tonight, gonna dance by the light of the moon, Gonna Dance With A Dolly with a hole in her stockin' while our knees keep a knockin' and our toes keep arockin', Dance With A Dolly With A Hole In Her Stockin', dance by the light of the moon.
Clarence  - Evil Ways.xml
You've  got  to  change  your  evil  ways, baby,  before  I  stop  lovin'  you. You've  got  to  ch ange,  baby, and  every  word  that  I  say  is  true. You  got  me  runnin'  and  hidin'  all  over  town, you  got  me  sneakin'  and  apeepin' and  runnin'  you  down. This  can't  go  on, Lord knows  you  got  to  change,  baby. Baby! When I come home  baby, my  house  is  dark  and  my  pots  are  cold. You're Hangin' ro und,  baby, with  Jean  and  Joan and a who  knows  who. I'm  gettin'  tired  of  waitin' and  foolin'  around, I'll  find  some body who  won't  make  me  feel  like  a  clown. This  can't  go  on, Lord knows  you  got  to  change. When I come home  baby, my  house  is  dark  and  my  pots  are  cold. You're hangin' round,  baby, with  Jean  and  Joan and a who  knows  who. I'm  gettin'  tired  of  wait in' and  foolin'  around, I'll  find  somebody who  won't  make  me  feel  like  a  clown. This  can't  go  on, Your  Evil  ways!
Roger Miller - You Can't Roller Skate In A Buffalo Herd.xml
Well you can't rollerskate in a buffa lo herd you cant roller skate in a buffallo herd you cant roller skate in a buffallo herd but you can be happy if youve a mind to. You cant take a shower in a parakeet cage you cant take a shower in a parakeet cage you cant take a shower in a parakeet cage you've a mind to All you gotta do is put your mind to it Knuckle down buckle down do it do it do it you cant go swimming in a basball pool you cant go swimming in a baseball pool you cant go swimming in a baseball pool but you can be happy if you've a mind to.
Roy Turk, Fred E. Ahlert - Mean To Me.xml
You're mean to me. Why must you be mean to me? Gee, honey it seems to me you love to see me cryin. I don't know why I stay home each night when you say you'll phone you don't and I'm left alone singin' the blues and sighin'. You treat me coldly each day in the year. You always scold me whenever somebody is near, dear. It must be great fun to be mean to me, you shouldn't, for can't you see what you mean to me. you're me.
Irving Berlin - You Keep Coming Back Like A Song.xml
You keep coming back like a song. A song that keeps saying "Remember." The sweet used to be that was once you and me keeps coming back like an old melody. The perfume of roses in May returns to my room in December. From out of the past, where forgotten things belong, you keep coming back like a song.
Vincent Youmans, Clifford Grey, Leo Robin - Sometimes I'm Happy .xml
Sometimes I'm Happy, sometimes I'm blue my disposition depends on you. I never mind the rain from the skiesc if I can find the sun in your eyes. Sometimes I love you, sometimes I hate you; but when I hate you, it's 'cause I love you. That's how I am, so what can I do? I'm happy when I'm with you you.
Roy Irwin - You Need Hands.xml
You need hands to hold someone you care for you need hands to show that you're sincere when you feel nobody wants to know you you need hands to brush away the tear when you hold a brand new baby you need tender hands to guide them on their way you need hands to thank the Lord for living and for giving us this day You need day.
Jose Gonzalez, The Knife - Heartbeats.xml
One night to be confused One night to speed up truth We had a promise made Four hands and then away Both under influence We had a divine scent To know what to say Mind is a razor blade To call for hands of above To lean on Wouldn't be good enough For me, no One night of magic rush The start a simple touch One night to push and scream And then relief Ten days of perfect tunes The colors red and blue We had a promise made We were in love To call for hands of above To lean on Wouldn't be good enough For me, no To call for hands of above To lean on Wouldn't be good enough And you, you knew the hands of the devil And you, kept us awake with wolf teeth Sharing diff' rent heartbeats in one night To call for hands of above To lean on Wouldn't be good enough For me, no To call for hands of above To lean on Wouldn't be good enough
1957, V. B. Ellis & William F. Lakey - Do You Know My Jesus?.xml
have you a heart that's wea ry tend ing a load of care are you a soul that's seek ing rest from the bur den you bear do you know my Je sus do you know my friend have you heard he loves you and that He will a bide to the end where is your heart o pil grim what does your light re veal who hears you calling for com fort when naught but sor row you feel do you know my Je sus do you know my friend have you heard he loves you and that He will a bide to the end who knows your dis a point ments who hears each time you cry who un der stands your heart aches who dries the tears from your eyes do you know my Je sus do you know my friend have you heard he loves you and that He will a bide to the end
Lee J. Roberts, J. Will Callahan - Smiles.xml
There are smiles that make us happy, there are smiles that make us blue; There are smiles that steal away the tear drops as the sunbeams steal away the dew. There are smiles that have a tender meaning, that the eyes of love alone can see, and the smiles that fill my life with sunshine are the smiles that you give to me. There are me.
Bobby Hebb - Sunny.xml
Sunny yesterday my life was filled with rain Sunny you smiled at me and really eased the pain Oh the dark days are gone and the bright days're here my Sunny one shines so sincere Sunny one so true I love you
Benny Davis and Ted Murry - Don't Break The Heart That Loves You (Transcribed).xml
Don't break the heart that loves you so. Don't break the heart that loves you. Handle it with care. Don't break the heart that needs you. Darling please be there. Why do you flirt and constantly hurt me? Why do you treat our love so carelessly? You know I'm Jealous of you and yet you seem to try to go out of your way to be unkind. Sweetheart I'm begging of you. Don't break this heart that loves you. Don't break this heart of mine. Sweetheart I'm thinking of you. Don't break this heart that loves you. Don't break this heart of mine.
Floyd Tillman - I'll Never Slip Around Again.xml
I'll never slip around again I've learned a lot somehow the gal I slipped around with then is married to me now I know just how it feels to live in lonely misery cause the gal I slipped around with then she's slipping round on me. I guess I had it coming there's nothing I can do I left the truest sweetheart to fall in love with you I had to learn the hard way that slipping round don't pay and I'll never slip around again until my dying day I'll day
Billy May, Roy Alfred - Lean Baby.xml
My lean baby, tall and thin, Five feet sevem of bones and skin But when she tells me maybe she loves me, I feel as mellow as a fellow can be. She's so skinny, she's so drawn When she stands sideways you think she's gone, But when she calls me baby, I feel fine to think she's frantic'lly romantic'lly mine. She's slender, but she's tender She makes my heart surrender, And ev'ry night When I hold her tight, The feeling is nice, my arms can go around twice! My lean baby She's so slim, A broomstick's wid er but not as trim, And when she starts to kiss me. Then I know I love her so, I'll never ever let her go.
Boudleaux Bryant, Felice Bryant - Raining In My Heart.xml
The sun is out the sky is blue theres not a cloud to spoil the view but its raining raining in my heart the weatherman says clear today he doesnt know you've gone away and its raining raining in my heart Oh, misery misery whats gonna become of me I tell my blues they mustnt show but soon these tears are bound to flow cause its rainingraining in my heart
Jule  Styne, Sammy Cahn - Only five minutes more.xml
me five minutes more, Only five minutes more, let me stay, let me stay, in your arms Here am I begging for only five minutes more, only five minutes more, of your All week long I dreamed about our Saturday date, Don't you know that Sunday morning you can sleep late? Give me five minutes more, only five minutes more, Let me stay, let me stay In your arms.
Bobby Russell - HONEY (I Miss You).xml
See the tree, how big it's grown, but friend it hasn't ben too long, it wasn't big I laughted at her and she got mad, the first day that she planted it, was just a twigThen the first snow came and she ran out to brush the snow away so it wouldn't die Came runnin' in all excited, slipped and alm,ost hurt herself, I laughed 'til I cried And Honey, I miss you and I'm being good And I'd love to be with you, if only I could. Yes, one day while I wasn't home, while she was there and all alone, the angels came.\ Now all I have is memories of Honey, and I wake up nights and call her name. Now my life's an empty stage, where Honey lived and Honey played, And love grew up. A small cloud passes overhead and cries down in the flower bed that Honey loved.
Antonio DeVita, Hal Shaper - Softly, As I Leave You.xml
Softly I will leave you softly For my heart would break if you should wake and see me go. So I leave you softly Long before you miss me, Long before your arms can beg me stay For one more hour or one more day. After all the years I can't bear the tears to fall so softly As I leave you there. As I leave you there, As I leave you there, as I leave you there.
Charlie Chaplin, Geoffrey Parsons, John Turner - Smile.xml
Smile, though your heart is aching. Smile, even though it's breaking. When there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by. If you smile through your fear and sorrow, smile and maybe tomorrow, you'll see the sun come shining through for you. Light up your face with gladness. Hide ev'ry trace of sadness, Although a tear may be ever so near. That's the time you must keep on trying, smile, what's the use of crying. You'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile.
Robert Lowry - Christ Arose.xml
Low in the grave He lay, Jesus my Saviour. Waiting the coming day, Jesus, my Lord. Up from the grave He arose, With a mighty triumph o'er His foes. He arose a Victor from the dark domain, And He lives forever with His saints to reign. He arose! He arose! Hallelujah! Christ arose.
Riz Ortolani & Nini Oliviero, English Words: Norman Newell - More.xml
More than the greatest love the world has known; this is the love I give to you alone. More than the simple words I try to say; I only love to love you more each day. More than you'll ever know, my arms long to hold you so, my life will be in your keeping waking, sleeping, laughing, weeping. Longer than always is a long, long time, but far beyond forever you'll be mine. I know I never lived before and my heart is very sure no one else could love you more.
Buck Ram , Peter Tinturin  - Ring, Telephone, Ring .xml
I'm lonesome tonight, RING, TELEPHONE, RING, I'm through with pretending, there's no way to forget. I miss her tonight, RING, TELEPHONE, RING, this night has no ending, dreams of her linger yet. Like a couple of fools we parted, I vowed I'd never call, now I'd give my all to have her with me, but where can she be? I need her tonight, RING, TELEPHONE, RING, if I could but hear her, oh what joy it would bring, I beg of you please, please, RING, TELEPHONE, RING, RING!
Jimmy Brewster, Roy Jordan, Sid Bass - Pine Tree, Pine Over Me.xml
Pine tree pine over me now that my love is gone pine tree you seem to be the only one pining for me tell blackeyed Susans I've tears in my eyes tell all the mountains to echo my sighs please tell my darlin how my poor heart yearns and that I'll be lone ly until she returns Pine tree pine over me now that my love is gone pine tree you seem to be the only one pining for me Call from your tree top your tree top so high talk to my darlin tell her how I cry say that I pray that she'll come back some day and that I still love her while she's far away.me
Paul Anka - My Way .xml
And now the end is near and so I face the final curtain. My friend I say it clear I'll state my case of which I'm certain. I've lived a life that's full I've traveled each and ev'ry highway and more much more than this. I did it my way. Yes there were times I'm sure you knew, when I bit off more than I could chew. But thru it all when there was doubt I ate it up and spit it out. I faced it all and I stood tall and did it my way. I've loved, I've laughed and cried. I've had my fill my share of losing. And now as tears subside I find it all so amusing. To think I did all that and may I say not in a shy way. Oh no Oh no not me. I did it my way. What is a man? What has he got? If not himself then he has not. To say the things he truly feels and not the words of one who kneels. The record shows I took the blows and did it
Sam H. Stept, Bud Green - That's My Weakness Now.xml
She's got eyes of blue I never cared for eyes of blue, but she's got eyes of blue and that's my weakness now. She's got dimpled cheeks I never cared for dimpled cheeks but she's got dimpled cheeks and that's my weakness now, Oh my, oh me, I should be good, I would be good butGEE She likes to bill and coo I nev er liked to bill and coo but she likes to bill and coo and thats my weakness now
Jimmy Webb - By The Time I Get To Phoenix.xml
By the time I get to Phoenix she'll be ris in' she'll find the note I left hangin" on her door She'll laugh when she reads the part that says I'm leav in' 'cause I've left that girl so man y times be fore by the time I make Ok la hom a she'll be sleep in she'll turn soft ly and call my name out low And she'll cry just to think I'd real ly leave her. tho' time and time I've so she just didn't know I would really go
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Jim Steinman - Whistle Down The Wind.xml
Whistle down the wind let your voic es carrry Drown out all the rain light a patch of darkness treacherous and scarr ry Howl at the stars, whisper when you're sleeping I'll be there to hold you, I'll be there to stop, the chills and all the weeping Make it clear and strong, so the whole night loong Ev'ry signal that you send, until the very end I will not abandon you my precious friend, so try and stem the tide; Then you'll raise a banner send a flare up in the sky, try to burn a torch, and try to build a bonfire Evry signal that you send, until the very end, I'm there soo whistle down the wind the signal that you send, until the very end, I'm there.
Boudleaux Bryant, Felice Bryant - All I Have To Do Is Dream.xml
When I want you in my arms when I want you and all your charms whenever I want you all I have to do is drea Dream dream dream when I feel blue in the night and I need you to hold me tight whenever I want you all I have to do is dream I can make you mine taste your lips of wine anytime night or day onlly trouble is Gee Whiz I'm dreaming my life away I need you so that I could die I love you so and that is why Whenever I want you all I have to do is dream all I have to do is dream when dream
Francis Lai, Carl Sigman - Where Do I Begin.xml
Where do I begin to tell the story of how great a love can be the sweet love story that is older than the sea the simple truth about the love she brings to me? where do I start? With her first hello she gave a meaning to this empty world of mine there'll never be another love, an other time she came in to my life and made the living fine she fills my heart she fills my heart with very special things, with angel songs, with wild Imaginings she fills my soul with so much love that anywhere I go I'm never lonely with her along whol could be lonely I reach for her hand it's always there how long does it last? can love be measured by the hours in a day? I have no answers now but this much I can say I know I'll need her til the stars all burn away and she'll be there
Jimmy van Heusen, Johnny Mercer - I Thought About You.xml
I took a trip on a train and I thought about you, I passed a shadowy lane and I thought about you. Two or three cars parked under the stars, a winding stream. Moon shining down on some little town, and with each beam, same old dream. At ev'ry stop that we made, oh, I thought about you, but when I pulleed down the shades, then I really felt blue. I peeked thru' the crack and looked at the track, the one going back to you, and what did I do? I thought about you!
James Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Here's That Rainy Day.xml
Maybe I should have saved those leftover dreams; funny, but Here's That Rainy Day. Here's That Rainy Day they told me about, and I laughed at the thought that it might turn out this way. Where is that worn out wish that I threw aside, After it brought my lover near? Funny how love becomes a cold rainy day. Funny that rainy day is here. here.
Robbie Robertson - The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down.xml
Virgil Caine is the name and I served on the Danville train 'Til Stoneman's Caval ry came and tore up the tracks again In the winter of sixty five we were hungry just barely alive By May the tenth Richmond had fell it was a time I remember oh, so well The night they drove old Dixie down and all the bells were ringing The night they drove old Dixie down and all the people were singing They went La la la la la, la La la la la la la la la
Traditional adapted by Vernon Dalhart - The Prisoner's Song.xml
Oh I wish I had someone to love me, Someone to call me their own, Oh I wish I had someone to live with, For I'm tired of living alone.
Frank Loesser - A Woman In Love.xml
Your eyes are the eyes of a womanin love and oh, how they give you away why try to deny you're a woman in love when I know very well what I say I say no moon in the sky ever lent such a glow some flame deep within made then shine you're eyes are the eyes of a woman in love and may they gaze evermore in to mine Crazily gaze evermore into mine your mine
Sonny West, Bill Tilghman, Norman Petty - Oh Boy!.xml
All of my love all of my kissin' You're gonna see what you been missin' OH, BOY! When you're with me OH, BOY! The world can see that you were meant for me. All of my life I been waitin' Tonight there'll be no hesitatin' OH, BOY! When you're with me OH, BOY! The world can see that you were meant for me. Oh, can't you hear my poor heart callin', Stars appear and shadows fall, A little bit o' lovin' makes evrything right, I'm gonna have some fun tonight All o' my love, all o' my kissin' You're gonna see what you been missin' OH, BOY! When you're with me OH, BOY! The world can see that you were meant for me.
Arthur Freed, Roger Edens - Our Love Affair.xml
Here we are two very bewilder'd people. Here we are two babes that are lost in the wood. We're not quite certain what has happen'd to us, This lovely thing that's so marvelous, But right from here the future looks awfully good Our Love Affair will be such fun, We'll be the envy of ev'ry one, Those famous lovers we'll make them forget! From Adam and Eve to Scarlett and Rhett When youth has had its merry fling We'll spend our evenings remembering Two happy people who say on the square, Isn't ours a lovely Love Affair. Our Love Affair was meant to be, It's me for you dear and you for me, We'll fuss, and quarrel and tears start to brew, But after the tears our love will smile through. I'm sure that I could never hide The thrill I get when you're by my side And when we're older we'll proudly declare, Wasn't ours a lovely Love Af
Robbie Williams, Guy Chambers - Feel.xml
Come and hold my hand, I wanna contact the living. Not sure I understand this role I've been given. I sit and talk to God, and he just laughs at my plans. My head speaks a language I don't understand. I just wanna feel real love, feel the home that I live in. 'Cause I got too much life running through my veins going to waste. die but I ain't keen on living either. Before I fall in love I'm preparing to leave her. I scare myself to death, that's why I keep on running, before I've arrived, I can see myself coming. And I need to feel real love and a life ever after. I cannot give it up. I just wanna feel real love, feel the home that I live in. I got too much love running through my veins to go to waste. I just want to feel real love and a life ever af ter. There's a hole in my soul, you can see it in my face, it's a real big place. Come and hold my hand, I want to contact the living. Not sure I understand this role I've been given. Not sure I understand Not sure I understand. Not sure I understand. Not sure I understand.
Johnny Cash - I Walk The Line.xml
I keep a close watch on the heart of mine I keep mu eye wide open all the time I keep the ends out for the tie that binds because your mine I walk the line I find it very very easy to be true I find myself alone when each day is through yes I'll admit that I'm a fool for you because your mine I walk the line
Margarita Lecuona , S.K.Russell - Taboo          .xml
Slowly Eastern moon ascended Night came and found her close beside me and although I knew this was madness and merely a prelude to sadness I lingered intent upon staying ignoring ev'ry word my heart kept saying Taboo taboo, remember she isn't for you Taboo taboo There's someone that you're promised to.
Buck Owens - Cryin' Time.xml
Now they say that absence makes the heart grow fonder and that tears are only rain to make love grow well my love for you could never grow no stronger if I lived to be a hundred years old Oh its crying time again you're gonna leave me I can see that far away look in your eyes I can tell by the way you hold me darlin that it wont be long before its crying time now you said that you've someone you love better thats theway its happened evry time before and as sure as the sun comes up tomorrow cry in time will start when you walk out the door Oh its
Rod McKuen - The World I Used To Know.xml
Someday some old familiar rain, will come along and know my name, and then my shelter will be gone, and I'll have to move along. But till I do I'll stay awhile and track the hidden country of your smile.
Dimitri Tiomkin, Paul Francis Webster - The Green Leaves Of Summer.xml
A time to be reapin', a time to be sowin', the green leaves of summer are callin' me home. It was good to be young then, in the season of plenty, when the catfish were jumpin', as high as the sky. A time just for plantin', a time just for ploughin', a time to be courtin' a girl of your own. 'Twas so good to be young then, to be close to the earth, and to stand by your wife at the moment of birth A time to be reapin' a time to be sowin', the green leaves of summer are callon me home. It was good to be young then, with the sweet smell of apples and the owl in the pine tree a wink'in his eye. A time just for plantin',' a time just or ploughin', a time just for liv in' a place for to die. 'Twas so good to be young then, to be close to the earth, now the green leaves of summer are callin' me home. 'Twas so good to be young then, to be close to the earth, now the green leaves of summer are callin' me home.
Al Peshoff, Mark Dee, Ted Harris, Oscar Stuart Blandemer - Country Medley.xml
Last night I never closed my eyes to sleep I spent the whole night cryin over you Today I made a vow I'm gonna keep Yes I'm gonna quit my cryin over you I'm gonna brush my tears away go out and paint the town and if you turn up again I'm gonna turn you down I'm gonna look around for some one new yes I';m gonna quit my cryin over you I never did fit in too well with folks you knew It was plain to see that the likes of me didnt fit with you so you traded me for the gaiety of the wellto do and turned away from the love I offered you the crystal chandeliers light up the paintings on the wall the marble statuettes are standing stately in the hall but will the timel;y crowd that has you laughing loud help you dry your tears when the new wears off of your crystal chandeliers. I Darlin I'm feeling prety lonesome I'd call you on the phone some but I dont have a dime darlin youre so far behind me tomorrows gonna find me further down the line taking me some paper pencil in my hand I'm gonna write Darlin All I feel are cold nights thinkin bout the old nights spent along with you darlin tears are in my eyes now knowing I should try now tomake it back to you Dar lin love you more than ev er wish we were to geth er dar lin mine love you more than ev er wish we were together darling mine
Victor Young, Edward Heyman - When I Fall In Love.xml
When I fall in love it will be forever, or I'll never fall in love. In a restless world like this is, love is ended before it's begun, and too many moonlight kisses seem to cool in the warmth of the sun. When I give my heart it will be completely. or I'll never give my heart and the moment I can tell that you feel that way too, is when I fall in love with you
Robert Maxwell, Carl Sigman - Ebb Tide.xml
First the tide rushes in plants a kiss on the shore, then rolls out to sea and the sea is very still once more. So I rush to your side like the on coming tide, with one burning thought will your arms open wide? At last we're face to face, and as we kiss through an embrace, I can tell, I can feel, you are love you are real. Really mine in the rain in the dark, in the sun. Like the tide at it's ebb I'm at peace in the web of your arms
Traditional - For He's A Jolly Good Fellow.xml
For he's a jolly good fellow, For he's a jolly good fellow, For he's a jolly good fellow, and so say all of us, And so say all of us, And so say all of us, For he's a jolly good fellow, For he's a jolly good fellow, For he's a jolly good fellow, and so say all of us.
Paul Anka - Put Your Head on My Shoulder.xml
Put your head on my shoulder, hold me in your arms baby. Squeeze me oh so tight, show me that you love me too. Put your lips close to mine dear. Won't you kiss me once baby? Just a kiss goodnight maybe you and I will fall in love. People say that love's a game, a game you just can't win. If there's a way I'll find it someday, and then this fool will rush in. Put your head on my shoulder, whisper in my ear, baby, words I want to hear tell me. Tell me that you love me too. Put your head on my too. Put your head on my shoulder, whisper in my ear baby, words I want to hear baby. Put your head on my shoulder.
old cowboy song - Windy Bill.xml
Ol' Windy Bill was a Texas boy and he could rope, you bet. He swore the steer he couldn't tie, he hadn't met with yet. But the boys, they knew of an old black steer, a sort of an old outlaw That ran down in the malpais at the foot of a rocky draw.
Alberto Dominguez, English Lyrics: Ray Charles, S.K. Russell - Frenesi.xml
It was fiesta down in Mexico, and so I stopped awhile to see the show, I knew that Frenesi meant "please love me", And I could say frenesi. A lovely senorita caught my eye, I stood enchanted as she wandered by and never knowing that it came from me, I gently sighed frenesi. She stopped and raised her eyes to mine, her lips just pleaded to be kissed, her eyes were soft as candle shine, so how was I to resist? And now without a heart to call my own, a greater happiness I've never known, because her kisses are for me alone, who wouldn't say frenesi. si. who wouldn't say frenesi!
Les Kettley - Our love is like a roundabout.xml
Our love is like a roundabout, ever changing and getting no where, when we think we've worked it out, we find we've already been there, round and round and round we go, in ever decreasing circles, where will it end, we really do not know, untilat last the roundabout stops. Our love is likea roundabout, it goes round and round and round, getting no where very fast covering the same old ground, where very fast
Capt. Alfred H. Miles U.S.N. (retired) , Charles A. Zimmermann - Anchors Aweigh.xml
Stand Navy out to sea, Fight our battle cry; We'll never change our course, so vicious foe steer shyyyy Roll out the T. N. T. Anchors aweigh Sail on to victory and sink their bones to Davy Jones hooray Yo ho there shipmate, take the fighting to the fare off seas; Yo ho there messmate hear the wailing of the wild banshees All hands fire brands Let's blast them as we go. So Stand Navy out to sea, Fight our battle cry; We'll never change our course, so vicious foe steer shyyyy Roll out the T. N. T. Anchors aweigh Sail on to victory and sink their bones to Davy Jones hooray
Egbert Van Alstyne, Victor Young, Wayne King, Haven Gillespie - Beautiful Love.xml
Beautiful love you're all a myster y. Beautiful love what have you done to me? I was contented till you came along. Thrilling my soul with your song. Beautiful love I've roamed your paradise, searching for love my dream to realize. reaching for heaven depending on you. Beautiful love will my dreams come true?
Jerry Goldsmith, Pete Rugolo, Hal Winn - Three Stars Will Shine Tonight (Theme from Dr. Kildare).xml
Three Stars Will Shine To night, one for the lonely, that star will shine it's light each time that someone sighs. Three stars for all to see, one for young lovers, that star was made to be the sparkle in their eyes. And for the third star only one reason, a star you can wish on to make dreams come true. High in the sky above, three stars are shining. I hope that star of love will shine down on you.
Gus Kahn & Neil Moret - Chloe.xml
Chloe! Chloe! Someone callin' no reply, Night shades fallin', hear him sigh, Chloe! Chloe! Empty spaces meet his eyes, Empty arms out=stretched, He's cryin' Through the black of night I got to go where you are If it's wrong or right, I got to go where you are, I'll roam through the dismal swampland searching for you. 'cause if you are lost there, Let me be there too Through the smoke and flame I gotto go where you are, For no place could be too far, where you are. Ain't no chains can bind you, If you live, I'll find you, Love is calling me, I got to go where you are.
Melissa Manchester, Carole Bayer Sager - Midnight Blue.xml
What ever it is it'll keep till the morning Haven't we both got better things to do? Midnight blue Even though simple things become rough. Haven't we had enough? all of the times, you told me you need me, Needing me now is something I could use. Midnight blue. Wouldn't you give your hand to a friend? Maybe it's not the end. And I think we can make it one more time if we try, one more time for all the old times. Think we can make it, think we can make it. Wouldn't you give your heart to a friend? Think of me as your friend And I thinik we can make it.
Charles Converse, Joseph Scriven - What A Friend We Have In Jesus.xml.1
What a friend we have in Jesus, All our sins and griefs to bear! What a privilegeto carry Ev'ry thing to God in prayer. Oh, what peace we often forfeit, Oh, what needless pain we bear; All because we do not carry Ev'ry thing to God in prayer.
William M. Runyan, Thomas O. Chisholm - Great Is Thy Faithfulness.xml
Great is Thy faithfulness, O God, my Father. There is no shadow of turning with Thee. Thou      changest not, Thy compassions they fail not; As    Thou hast been, Thou forever wilt be. Great is Thy faithfulness! Great is Thy faithfulness! Morning by morning new mercies I see. All I have needed Thy hand hath provided. Great is Thy faithfulness, Lord unto me.
Egbert Van Alstyne, Tony Jackson, Gus Kahn - Pretty Baby.xml
Ev'ry body loves a baby, that's why I'm in love with you. Pretty baby pretty baby And I'd like to be your sister, brother, dad and mother too. Pretty baby, pretty baby Won't you come and let me rock you in the cradle of love. and we'll cuddle all the time. Oh, I want a lovin' baby and it might as well be you. Pretty baby of mine.
Stephen Sondheim - Comedy Tonight.xml
Something familiar, something peculiar something for ev'ry one, a comedy tonight. Something appealing, something appalling, Something for ev'ry one, a comedy tonight. Nothing with kings, nothing with crowns. Bring on the lovers, liars and clowns! Old situations, new complications. Nothing portentous or polite; tragedy to morrow, comedy tonight. Something convulsive, something repulsive, something for ev'ry one, a comedy tonight, Something esthetic, something frenetic, Something for ev'ryone, a comedy tonight. Nothing of gods, nothing of fate. Weighty affairs will just have to wait. Nothing that's formal, nothing that's normal, no recitations to recite, Open up the curtain, comedy tonight.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - You're Getting To Be A Habit With Me.xml
Ev'ry kiss, ev'ry hug seems to act just like a drug, you're get ting to be a habit with me. Let me stay in your arms, I'm addicted to your charms, you're get ting to be a habit with me. I used to think your love was something that I could take or leave a lone, but now I couldn't do without my supply, I need you for my own. Oh I can't break away, I must have you ev 'ry day; as regularly as coffee or tea. You've got me in your clutches and I can't get free; you're getting to be a habit with me. (can't break it!) You're getting to be a habit with me. Ev'ry getting to be a habit with me.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - I Have Dreamed.xml
I have dreamed that your arms are lovely I have dreamed what a joy you'll be. I have dreamed ev'ry word you'll whisper when your close, close to me. How you look in the glow of evening I have dreamed and enjoyed the view. In these dreams I've loved you so that by now I think I know what it's like to be loved by you I will love being loved by you. you.
Maddy K. Lam - Singing Bamboo.xml
Lis ten to the sweet sing ing Bam boo it's sing ing a lit tle love song to you Tel ling of a small is land Ron dez vous A hea ven that was made just for two where trade winds soft ly kis sing the co co palms flow er scent ed nights call ing you to my arms So Lis ten to the sweet sing ing Bam boo it's sing ing a lit tle love song to you it's sing ing a lit tle love song to you
Francis White, Adele Adkins - CHASING PAVEMENTS.xml
I've made up my mind don't need to think it ov er, If I'm wrong I am right don't need to look no fur ther. This ain't lust, I know this is love.  But if I tell the world, I'll nev er say en ough cuz it was not said to you and that's ex act ly what I need to do if I end up with you. Should I give up? Or should i just keep chas ing pave ments ev en if it leads now here OR would it be a waste ev en if I knew my place? Should I leave it there? Should I give up? Or should I just keep chas ing pave ments ev en if it leads now here? I build my self up and fly ar ound in cir cles, wait ing as my heart drops and my back beg ins to tin gle, fin all ly could this be it or
Victor Schertzinger - Marcheta.xml
Marcheta, Marcheta, I still hear you calling me back to your arms once again. I still feel the spell of your last kiss upon me, Since then, life, has all been in vain. All has been sadness without you Marcheta, Each day finds me lonely and blue. My poor heart is broken, I want you, "Marcheta," I need you, "Marcheta," I do.
Chad Kroeger, Chris Daughtry, Eric Dill, Rune Westberg - No Surprise.xml
And ahho,and ahho.I've practiced this for hours,gone round and round,and now I think that I've got it all down.And as I say it louder I love how it sounds.'Cause I'm not takin' the easy way out,not wrappin' this in ribbons, shouldn't have to give a reason why.It's no surprise I won't be here tomorrow, I can't believe that I stayed 'til today.Yeah, you and I will be a tough act to follow but I know in timewe'll find this was no surprise.It came out like a river once I let it out,when I thought that I wouldn't know how.Held on to it forever just pushin'it down,felt so good to let go of it now.Not wrappin' this in ribbons, shouldn't have to givea reason why.It's no surThere's nothin' herein this heart left to borrow, there's nothin' here in this soul left to say.Don' be surprised when we hate this tomorrow, God knows we tried to find an easier way.Yeah, you and I will be a tough act to follow, but I know in timewe'll find this was no Our fav'rite place we usedto go, the warmembracethat noone knows, the loving lookthat's leftyour eyes, that's whythis comesas no,as no surprise.If I could see the future and how it plays out,I bet it's better than where we are now.But after goin' through this, it's easier to seethe reason why.It's no surprise I won't be here tomorrow, I can't believe that I stayed 'til today.Yeah, you and I will be a tough act to follow, but I know in timewe'll find this was no Our fav'rite placewe usedto go, the warmembracethat noone knows, the loving lookthat's leftyour eyes. But I know in timewe'll find this was no surprise.
Irving Berlin - God Bless America.xml
God bless America Land that I love stand beside her and guide her thru the night with a light from above from the mountains to the prairies to the oceans white with foam God bless America my home sweet home
Buck Ram, Kim Gannon, Walter Kent - I'll Be Home For Christmas.xml
I'll be home for Christmas You can plan on me Please have snow and mistletoe and presents on the tree. Christmas Eve will find me Where the lovelight gleams I'll be home for Christmas if only in my dreams.
Bob Dylan - Mr Tambourine Man.xml
hey mister tambourine man play a song for me I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to hey mister tambourine man play a song for me in the jingle jangle morning I'll come following you though I know that evenins empire has returned into sand vanished from my hand left me blindly here to stand but still not sleepin my weariness amazes me I'm branded on my feet I have no one to meet and the ancient empty steets too dead for dreamin
Kerry Mills - At A Georgia Camp Meeting.xml
A camp meeting took place by the col ored race, way down in Georgia. There were those large and small, lanky, lean, fat and tall, At this swell camp meeting. When church was out, how the sisters did shout They were so happy, But the young folks were tired, and wish'd to be inspired, They hired a big brass band. When that band of people began to play, pretty music so gay Hats were then thrown away. Thought them foolish players their necks did break, When they quit their laughing and talking and went awalking for a big choc'late cake. cake.
Fats Waller, Clarence Williams - Squeeze Me.xml
Baby you've been doggone sweet to me, Baby you're the only one I see. You know I need but you, cos' you're my gal; You love me like no one can. Something 'bout you I can't resist, when you kiss me, momma, I stay kissed. Oh. baby, squeeze me and squeeze me again; Oh, honey, don't stop, till I tell you when. Now, baby, squeeze me and kiss me some more, Just like you did before. Your baby cupid is standing close by, Oh, momma don't let your sweet baby cry. Just pick me up on your knee, I just get so, you know, when you squeeze me. Oh, momma, you squeeze me.
Jimmy Kennedy, Nat Simon - An Apple Blossom Wedding.xml
Weddings in June are oh so beautiful out where the roses cling Weddings in May can be as beautiful with that lovely touch of Spring We saw an apple blossom wedding underneath the Maytime blue and at that appleblossom wedding I fell in love with you We realised where we were head ing booked the little church and then we planned an appleblossom wedding when Spring came round again so I waited for the flowers dreaming of a wedding ring but I only found the showers You took away the Spring I saw the appleblossom wedding from the balcony above you had your appleblossom wedding I lost my appleblossom love We love.
Antonin Dvorak, William Arms Fisher - Largo  (Going Home).xml
Goinghome going home I'm just going home quiet like slip away I'll be going home It's not far, just close by Jesus is the door work all done, laid aside fear and grief no more Friends are there waiting now He is waiting too see his hand, see his smile, he will lead me through
George L. Geifer - Who Threw The Overalls In Mistress Murphy's Chowder.xml
Mistress Murphy gave a party just about a week ago Ev'rything was plentiful the Murphy's they're not slow They treated us like gentlemen we tried to act the same only for what happened well it was an awful shame When Mrs Murphy dished the chowder out she fainted on the spot She found a pair of overalls at the bottom of the pot. Tim Nolan he got ripping mad his eyes were bulging out He jumped upon the piano and loudly he did shout. Who threw the overalls in Mistress Murphy's chowder? Nobody spoke so he shouted all the louder It's and Irish trick that's true I can lick the mick that threw the overalls in Mistress Murphy's chowder. They dragged the pants from out the soup and laid them on the floor Each man swore upon his life he'd ne'er seen them before. They were plastered up with mortar and were worn out at the knee They had their many ups and downs as we could plainly see And when Mrs Murphy she came to, she 'gan to cry and pout She had them in the wash that day and forgot to take them out Tim Nolan he excused himself for what he said that night So we put music to the words and sung with all our might. der.
Mark Knopfler - Romeo and Juliet.xml
A love struck Romeo sings a street suss serenade laying ev'rybody low with a love song that he made. Finds a convenient street light steps out of the shade, says something like you and me babe, how about it? He's underneath the window, she's singing, hey la my boyfriend's back. You shouldn't come around here, singing up at people like that anyway, what you gonna do about it? Juliet, the dice were loaded from the start, and I bet you exploded in my heart, and I forget, I forget the movie song. When you gonna realis it was just that the time was wrong, Juliet.
Harry Woods, Mort Dixon - Just Like A Butterfly That's Caught In The Rain.xml
Here I am lonely, tired and lonely crying for home in vain, just like a butterfly that's caught in the rain. Longing for flowers, dreaming of hours back in that sunkissed lane, just like a butterfly that's caught in the rain. I know that all of the world is cheery by that old cottage door. Why are my wings so weary? I can't fly anymore. Here I am praying brokenly saying, "Give me the sun again," just like a butterfly that's caught in the rain. rain.
John B. Dykes, Reginald Heber - Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God Almighty.xml
Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God Almighty! Early in the morning our songs shall rise to Thee. Holy, Holy, Holy, Meciful and Mighty! God in three Persons, blessed Trinity!
Dave Fisher - Michael.xml
Michael row the boat ashore Hallelu jah Michael row the boat ashore Hallelu jah Sist er help to trim the sail Hallelujah sister help to trim the sail Hallelu jah Michael the river Jordan ischilly and cold Hallelu jah Chills the body but not the soul Hale le lu row the boat ashore Hallelujah Mich ael row the boat ashore Hallelu jah
Charles Tobias, Max Stein & Ken Sloan - A Man Called Peter.xml
I met a man called Peter when my dreams had gone astray, and as I talked with Peter my cares just stole away. A kind and humble man was he who set my heart aglow, somehow I found in ev'ry word the faith I needed so. Contentment I was seeking to make my life worthwhile, and suddenly my soul was free and my heart began to smile. Somewhere this man called Peter helps people just like me, If there were more like Peter, what as great world this would be.
Celestine Akins - Foolish Pride.xml
Fool ish pride Oh fool ish pride See what you're do ing to me You took my love And I a part See what you're do ing to my heart I did n't know What pride could do Or just how much I need ed you Now I'm a lone And I can't hide My fool ish pride Oh fool ish pride Fool ish pride Please let me be And bring my love one Back to me And tell her that I'll try to Hide My fool ish pride Oh Fool ish pride
Dan Fogelberg - Longer Than.xml
Long er than there've been fishes in the ocean High er than any bird ever flew Longer then there've been stars up in the heavens I've been in love with you Stronger than any mountain cathed ral Trueer than any tree ever grew Deeper than any forest primeval I am in love with you> I'll bring fire in the winter You'll send showers in the spring We'll fly through the falls and summers with Love on our wings. Through the years as the fire starts to mellow Blurring lines in the books of our lives though the binding cracks and the pages start to yel low I am in love with I am in love with you
Jackie Trent, Tony Hatch - Color My World.xml
You'll never see a dark cloud hanging round me Now there is only blue sky to surround me There's never been a grey day since you found me. Ev'rything I touch is turning to gold. So, you can Color My World with sunshine yellow each day Oh, you can Color My World with happiness all the way. Just take the green from the grass and the blue from the sky up above, and if you Color My World just paint it with your love. Just Color My World. Just as long as I know you're thinking of me There'll be a rainbow always up above me Since I found the one who really loves me. Sunshine, yellow, orange blossom, laughing faces ev'rywhere. So you can World. Just Colormy World, Just Color My World.
Harold Arlen, E. Y. Harburg - Happiness Is A Thing Called Joe.xml
It seems like happiness is jes' a thing called Joe. He's got a smile that makes the lilacs wanna grow, He's got a way the makes the angels heave a sigh, When they know Little Joe's passing by. Sometime the cabins gloomy an' the table bare, Then he'll kiss me an' it's Christmas ev'rywhere, Troubles fly away an' life is easy go, Does he love me good, that's all I need to know, Seems like happiness is jes' a thing called Joe. It seem like Joe.
Mae Boren Axton, Tommy Durden, Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel.xml
Since my baby left me found,a new place to dwell down at the end of Lonely street at Heartbreak Ho tel I get so lonely baby I get so lonely I get so lonely I could die although its always crowded still can find some room where those broken hearted lovers cru away their gloom oh I get so lonely I get so lonely get so lonely I could die.
Johnny Marks - Merry, Merry Christmas To You.xml
Merry, merry, merry, merry, merry Christmas to you. May each day be very, very happy all the year through. around the world you'll see the things the Christmas spirit can do. Bells will be ringing with ev'ryone singing a merry Christmas to you! Joyeaux Noel, Buonne Natale, Felize Navidad. In ev'ry land there's a way of saying what we want to say. Oh! merry Christmas, a merry Christmas, a merry Christmas to you!
Harold Green, Mickey Stoner and Martin Block - I Guess I'll Have To Dream The Rest (Transcribed).xml
I guess I'll have to dream the rest if you can't remember the things that you said, those nights that my shoulder held your sleepy head; if you believe that parting's best, I guess I'll have to dream the rest. I guess I'll have to dream alone of honeymoon cruises once dear to my heart, of one room apartments where we said we'd start, of foolish things we planned to own, I guess I'll have to dream alone. I can see that your heart has gone astray; as for me, I'll love you the same old way. I guess I'll have to dream the rest. There'll be no friends waiting to throw shoes and rice; those heavenly moments will never come twice; I'm thankful for the hours you've blessed, I guess I'll have to dream the rest. I guess I'll have to dream the rest. There'll be no friends waiting to throw shoes and rice, those heavenly moments will never come twice, I'm thankful for the hours you blessed; I guess I'll have to dream the rest. I guess I'll have to dream the rest.
Matt Malneck, Robert Maxwell, Carl Sigman - Shangri-La.xml
Your kisses take me to ShangriLa. Each kiss is magic that makes my little word a ShangriLa. A land of bluebirds and fountains and nothing to do, But cling to an angel that looks like you. And When you hold me, How wam you are. Be mine my dar ling And spend your life with me in ShangriLa For anywhere you are is ShangriLa How wam you are. You make my little word a Shan griLa For anywhere you are is ShangriLa
Traditional - O Christmas Tree.xml
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree, Thou tree most fair and lovely! O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree! Thou tree most fair and lovely! The sight of thee at Christmas tide, Spreads hope and gladness far and wide. O Christmas tree, O christmas tree, Thou tree and fair and lovely! O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree, Thou hast a wondrous message; O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree, Thou hast a wondrous message: Thou dost proclaim the Savior's birth, Good will to men and peace on earth, O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree! Thou hast a wondrous message.
William J & Gloria Gaither 1982 - Then Came the Morning.xml
they all walked a way no thing to say They just lost their dear est friend all that He said now He was dead so this was the way it would end the dreams they had dreamed were not what they seemed now that He was dead and gone the gar den the jail the ham mer the nail how could a night be so long Then came the mor ning night turned in to day the stone was rolled a way hope rose with the dawn then came the morn ing shad dows van ished be fore the sun death had lost and life had won for mor ning had come The ang el the star the kins from a far the wed ding the wat er the wine now it was done they'd tak en her Son was ted be fore His time She knew it was true she'd watched Him die too she'd heard them call Him just a man but deep in her heart she knew from the start some how her Son would live a gain Then came the mor ning night turned in to day the stone was rolled a way hope rose with the dawn then came the morn ing shad dows van ished be fore the sun death had lost and life had won for mor ning had come the old men will dream the young men will seem to know what they nev er learned your dau ghters and sons will see what's to come be fore the Mes siah's re turn won ders and signs plans and de signs will pay out their fin al day rum ors and war will threat en no more the wait ing bride is caught a way Here comes the mor ning night has turned to day the clouds have rolled a way E ter nal dawn then came the morn ing shad dows van ished be fore the sun death had lost and life had won for mor ning had come
Vaughn Horton - Mockin'Bird Hill.xml
When the sun in the mornin peeps over the hill and kisses the roses round my window sill then my heart fills with gladness when I hear the trill of the birds in the treetops of Mockinbird Hill Tralala twittledee dee dee it gives me a thrill to wake up in the morning to the mockinbirds trill tralala twittledee dee dee theres peace and good will you're welcome as the flowers on Mockingbird Hill. Got a three cornered plow and an acre to till anda mule that I bought for a ten dollar bill there's a tumbledown shack and a rusty old mill but it's my Home Sweet Home up on Mickinbird Hill Hill
Isham Jones, Gus Kahn - It Had To Be You.xml.1
Why do I do just as you say, why must I just give you your way? Why do I sigh, why don't I try to forget? It must have been that something lovers call fate, kept on saying I had to wait. I saw them all, just couldn't fall 'til we met. It had to be you, it had to be you, I wandered around and finally found the somebody who could make me be true could make me be blue and even be glad just to be sad thinking of you. Some others I've seen, might never be mean might never be cross or try to be boss but they would'nt do For nobody else gave me a thrill with all your faults I love you still. It had to be you wonderful you had to be you It had to be you, you.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Let's Call the Whole Thing Off.xml
Things have come to a pretty pass Our romance is growing flat, For you like this and the other While I go for this and that Good ness knows what the end will be Oh, I don't know where I'm at... It looks as if we two will never be one, Something must be done. You say eether, and I say eyether you say neether and I say nyther; Eether, eyether, neether, nyther, Let's call the whole thing off! You like potato and I like potahto, you like tomato and I like tomahto; Potato, Patahto, Tomato, Tomahto! Let's call the whole thing off! But oh! If we call the whole thing off, then we must part. And oh! If we ever part, then that might break my heart! So, if you like pajamas and I like pajahmas, I'll wear pajamas and give up pajahmas. For we know we need each other, so we better call the calling off off! Let's call the whole thing off! You say laugh ter a I say lawfter, You say after and I say awfter; Laughter, lawfter, after, awfter, You like vanilla and I like vanella you, sa'sparilla and I sa'sparella; Vanilla Vanella Choc'late strawb'ry! So, if you go for oysters and I go for ersters I'll order oysters and cancel the ersters. off!
Sam Freedman, Alby Bennett - Pania Of The Reef.xml
When the sea is calm and the tide is low You can see Pania of the reef I know as the Maori moon sheds a silvry beam you can see Pania lovely as a dream some say that she is just a fantasy but I can swear that she is there so come along with me when the night is still and the moon is clear you can see Pania of the reef appearwhen the sea is ra ao te mo a na pu e a mai a Pa ni a kati a ho mai he marama pai Puta po rere wai mai a Pa ni a He turehu he pu ra tau aue aue Pania taku ipo e Ka tia ho mai he mara ma pai Pu ta po rere wai mai a PaniaIa te ka hu pear.
Victor Young, Will J. Harris - Sweet Sue, Just You.xml
Evry star above knows the one I love Sweet Sue just you And the moon on high knows the reason why Sweet Sue is you No one else it seems ever shared my dreams without you I just don't know what I would do In this heart of mine you live all the time Sweet Sue just you. Ev'ryyou.
Willie Nelson - On The Road Again.xml
On the road again Just can't wait to get on the road again Life I love is making music with my friends and I can't wait to get on the road again On the On the road again like a band of gypsies we go down the highway we're the best of friends Insisting that the world keep turning our way and our way is on the road again just can't wait to get on the road again life I love is making music with my friends and I can't wait to get on the road again and I can't wait to get on the road again.
Ron Mael - NEVER TURN YOUR BACK ON MOTHER EARTH.xml
When she's on her best be hav iour Don't be tempt ted by her fav ors NEV ER TURN YOUR BACK ON MOTH ER EARTH Towns are hurled from "A" to "B" by hands that looked so smooth to me NEV ER TURN YOUR BACK OM MOTH ER EARTH Grasp at straws that don't want grasp ing gaze at clouds that come down crash ing: NEV ER TURN YOUR BACK ON MOTH ER EARTH Three days and two nights a way from my friends "A MEN" to an y thing that brings a quick re trurn to My Friends to My Friends. (rock gui tar for mon keys) NEV ER TURN YOUR BACK ON MOTH ER EARTH Well, I'll ad mit I was un faith ful but from now I'll be mo faith ful NEV ER TURN YOUR BACK ON MOTH ER EARTH
Philip P. Bliss, Horatio G. Spafford - It Is Well with My Soul.xml
When peace like a river attendeth my way, When sorrows like sea billows roll, Whatever my lot, Thou has taught me to say, "It is well, it is well with my soul." It is well (It is well) with my soul (With my soul) It is well, it is well with my soul.
Paul Anka - Puppy Love.xml
And they called it puppy love oh I guess they'll nev er know how a young heart really feels and why I love her so and they called it puppy love just because we're in our teens tell them all it isnt fair to take away my only dream I cry each night my tears for you my tears are all in vain I'll hope and I'll pray that maybe someday you'll be back in my arms once again someone help me help me please is the answer up above? how can I how can I tell them This is not a puppy love.
Carole King, Toni Stern - It's Going To Take Some Time.xml
It's gonna take some time this time to get myself in shape. I reallly fell out of line this time. I really missed the gate. The birds on the telephone line (this time) are cryin' out to me. (this time) and I won't be so blind next time and I'll find some harmony But, it's going to take some time this time, and I can't make amends/ But, like the young trees in the win ter time I'll learn how to bend. After all the tears we spent, how could we make amends? So, it's one more round for experience, and I'm on the road again. And it's going to take some time this time. It's going to take some time this time, no matter what I've planned. And like the
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - The More I See You.xml.1
The more I see you, The more I want you somehow this feeling just grows and grows, with ev'ry sigh I become more mad about you, more lost without you, and so it goes. Can you imagine how much I'll love you, the more I see you as years go by I know the only one for me can only be you. My arms wont free you my heart wont try. The more I try.
George Bennard - The Old Rugged Cross.xml
On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross the emblem of suffring and shame and I love that old cross where the dear est and best for a world of lost sin ners was slain So I'll cherrish the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it some day for a crown
Harry Von Tilzer, Arthur J. Lamb - A Bird In A Gilded Cage.xml
The ballroom was filled with fashions throng, It shone with a thousand lights And there was a woman who passed along, The fairest of all the sights, A girl to her lover then softly sighed, There's riches at her command, But she married for wealth, not for love he cried, Though she lives in a mansion grand. She's only a bird in a gilded cage, A beautiful sight to see. You may think she's happy and free from care, She's not, though she seems to be, 'Tis sad when you think of her wasted life, For youth can not mate with age, And her beauty was sold, for an old man's gold. She's a bird in a gilded cage. I stood in a churchyard just at eve, When sunset adorned the west, And looked at the people who'd come to grieve, For loved ones now laid at rest, A tall marble monument marked the grave, Of one who'd been fashione's queen, And I thought she is happier here at rest, Than to have people say when seen.
Cole Porter - I Love You.xml.2
"I love you", hums the April breeze "I love you," echo the hills. "I love you," the golden dawn agrees as once more she sees dafodils. It's spring again and birds on the wing again start to sing again the old melodie: "I love you," that's the song of songs, and it all belongs to you and me. "I me. And it all belongs to you and me.
Traditional - When the Saints Go Marching In.xml
Oh, when the Saints go marchin' in, oh, when the Saints go marchin' in, oh I want to be in that number, when the Saints go marchin' in.
Chancellor  - My Wild Irish Rose.xml
If you lis ten, I'll sing you a sweet little song Of a flower the's now drooped and dead, Yet dearer to me, yes than all of its mates, Tho each holds aloft its proud head 'Twas given to me by a girl that I know; Since we've met, faith, I've known no repose. She is dearer by far than the world's brightest star, And I call her my wild Irish rose. My wild Irish rose, the sweetest flow'r that grows, You may search ev'rywhere, but none can compare with my wild Irish rose. My wild Irish rose, the dearest flow'r that grows, And some day for my sake, she may let me take the bloom from my wild Irish rose. They may sing of their roses which by other names, Would smell just as sweetly, they say, But I know that my Rose would never consent To have that sweet name taken away. Her glances are shy when e'er she passes by The bower where my true love grows. And my one wish has been that some day I may win The heart of my wild Irish rose. rose.
Rusty Goodman - Until You've Known the Love of God.xml
if you could own all the world and it's mo ney build cas tles tall e nough to reach the skies a bove if you could know ev er y thing there was to know a bout life's game yet you've known no thing un til you've known God and His love un til you've known the lov ing hand that reach es down to a fal len man and lift's him up from out of sin where he has trod un til you've known just how it feels to know that God is real ly real then you've known no thing un til you've known the love of God if in your lifetime you could meet ev ery bo dy and you could call ev ery name from here to yon but if you've not come face to face with Je sus and His sav ing grace then you've known no one un til you've known the love of God un til you've known the lov ing hand that reach es down to a fal len man and lift's him up from out of sin where he has trod un til you've known just how it feels to know that God is real ly real then you've known no thing un til you've known the love of God if you could own all the world and it's mo ney build cas tles tall e nough to reach the skies a bove if you could know ev er y thing there was to know a bout life's game yet you've known no thing un til you've known God and His love un til you've known the lov ing hand that reach es down to a fal len man and lift's him up from out of sin where he has trod un til you've known just how it feels to know that God is real ly real then you've known no thing un til you've known the love of God
Oscar Levant, Irving Caesar - Lady, Play Your Mandolin.xml
Lady play your mandolin, lady let that tune begin, When you sing your song of sin, I'm a sinner too! Lady when you play for me, Night turns into day for me, And though angels pray for me I belong to you! Señorita, Sweet Chiquita, I could eat your hearaahaahaahaah.rt. Lady play your mandolin, Lady sing your song of sin. Though I fear you Let me hear you play, Play your mandolin. lin.
John Baptiste Calkin, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow - I Heard The Bells On Christmas Day.xml
I heard the bells on Christmas day Their old familiar carols play, And wild and sweet the words repeat Of peace on earth goodwill to men!
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Blue Moon.xml.1
Blue moon, you saw me standing alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own. Blue moon, you knew just what I was there for. You heard me saying a pray'r for someone I really could care for. And then there suddenly appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold. I heard somebody whisper, "Please adore me" and when I looked, the moon had turned to gold! Blue moon, now I'm no longer alone, without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own. Blue
Ken Ascher, Paul Williams - You and Me Against the World.xml
You and me against the world sometimes it feels like you and me against the world when all the others turn their back and walk away you can count on me to stay Remember when the circus came to town and you were frightenedby the clown? wasnt it nice to be around someone that you knew someone who was big and strong and lookin out for you and me against the world? sometimes it feels like you and me against the word and for all the times we cried I always felt that God was on our side and when one of us is gone and one is left alone to carry on well then, remembering will have to do our memories alone will get us through think about the days of me and you of you and me against the world Life can be a circus they underpay and over work us and though we seldom get our due when each day is through I bring my tired body home and look around for me and world Mm.
Duke Ellington, Lee Gaines - Just Squeeze Me.xml
Treat me sweet and gentle when you say goodnight, Just squeeze me, but please don't tease me. I get sentimental when you hold me tight, Just squeeze me. but please don't tease me. Missing you since you went away, singing the blues away each day, counting the nights and waiting for you. I'm in the mood to let you know I never knew I loved you so, Please say you love me too. When I get this feelin I'm in ecstasy, So squeeze me, but please don't tease me. tease me.
Irving Gordon - Unforgettable.xml.2
Unforgettable That's what you are, unforgettable Tho' near or far Like a song of love that clingsto me, how the thought of you does things to me, never before has someone been more Unforgettable In ev'vry way Andforevermore That's how you'll stay That's why, darling, it's incredible That some one so unfor table Thinks that I am unforgettable too too
Larry Coleman, Joe Darion - Changing Partners.xml
We were waltzing together to a dreamy melody when they called out Change partners and you waltzed away from me Now my arms feel so empty as I gaze around the floor and I'll keep on Changing partners till I hold you once more. Though we danced for one moment and too soon we had to part In that wonderful moment something happened to my heart, so I'll keep Changing partners till you're in my arms and then, Oh my darling I will never change partners again! We were partners a gain.
unknown - See amid the winters snow.xml
See amid the winter snow born for us on earth below see the tender lamb appears promised from eternal years Hail, thou ever blessed morn! Hail, redemptions hap py dawn! sing thro" all Jeru sa lem Christ is born in Bethlehem.
Henri Salvador , Leo Johns - Melodie D'Amour.xml
Melodie d'A mour take this song to my lover shoo shoo little bird go and find my love Melodie d'Amour serenade at his window shoo shoo little bird sing my song of love Oh tell him I will wait if he names the date tell him that I care more than I can bear for when we are apart how it hurts my heart so fly oh fly away and say I hope and pray this lovers melody will bring him back to me oh
John Klenner - Just Friends.xml
Just friends, lovers no more, just friends, but not like before, To think of what we´ve been and not to kiss again seems like pretending itisn´t theending. Two friends drifting apart, Two friends, but one broken heart, We loved, we laughed, we cried, and suddenly love dies, The story ends and we´re just friends.
Mel Torme, Robert Wells - Born To Be Blue.xml
Some folks were meant to live in clover, But they are such a chosen few. And clover being green, is something i've never seen 'cause I was born to be blue. When there's a yellow moon above me, They say there's moonbeams I should view, But moonbeams being gold, are something I can't behold 'Cause I was born to be blue. When I met you the world was bright and sunny; When you left the curtain fell. I'd like to laugh but nothing strikes me funny; Now my world's a faded pastel. Well, I guess I'm luckier than some folks; I've known the thrill of loving you. And that alone is more than I was created for, 'cause I was born to be blue.
Harry Dixon Loes - This Little Light of Mine.xml
This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm gonna let it shine. Let it shine, Let it shine, Let it shine.
Jerimiah Dugan, Charles Hansen - The Irish Washerwoman.xml
Oh an Irish er washwoman hasnt an equal she rubs better scrubs better than other people she jigs a bit sings a bit all the day long and her hearts like a shamrock it sings a gay song oh the neighbours all listen to Mis sus Mc Cleary and vow that a wash womans life is not drear y she jiggles and wiggles an eyeful of Ireland the pride of the Irish the washwoman queen oh an washwoman queen
James Taylor - Fire and Rain.xml
Just yesterday morning they let me know you were gone. Susanne, the plans they made put an end to you. I walked out this morn ing and I wrote down this song; I just can't remember who to send it to. I've seen fire and I've seen rain. I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end. I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend, but I always thought that I'd see you again. Won't you look down upon me Jesus You've got to help me make a stand. You've just got to see me through another day. My body's aching and my time is at hand. And I won't make it any other way. I've seen fire and I've seen rain. I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end. I've seen lone ly times when I could not find a friend. But I al ways thought that I'd see you again. Been walking my mind to an easy time, my back turned towards the sun. Lord knows when the cold wind blows it' ll turn you're head around. Well, there's hours of time on the telephone line to talk about things to come.Sweet dreams and flying machines with pieces on the ground. I've seen fire and I've seen rain. I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end. I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend.But I always thought that I'd see you darling one more time again now. Thought I'd see you one more time again. Thought I'd see you oh darling one more time again. Thought I'd see you, thought I'd see you one more time again.
Haven Gillespie, Richard A. Whiting, Seymour Simons - Breezin' Along With The Breeze.xml
I'm just breezin along with the breeze, trailin' the rails, roamin' the seas. Like the birdies that sing in the trees, pleasin' to live, livin' to please. The sky is the only roof I have over my head, and when I'm weary Mother Nature makes me a bed. I'm just goin' along as I please, Breezin' Along With The Breeze.
Jerrry Leiber & Mike Stoller - Love Potion Number Nine.xml
I took my troubles down to Madam Ruth You know that Gypsy with the goldcapped tooth She's got a pad down at thirtyfourth and Vine Sellin' little bottles of Love Potion Number Nine I told her that I was a flop with chicks I've been this way since nineteen fif=tysix She looked at my palm and she made a magic sign She said you"What you need" is Love Potion Number She bent down and turned around and gave me a wink She said I'm gonna mix it up right here in the sink It smelled like turpentine and looked like India ink I held my nose I closed my eyes I took a drink I didn't know if it was day or night I started kissin' ev'ry thing in sight But when I kissed the cop down at Thirtyfourth and Vine he broke my little bottle of Love Potion Number Nine.
Joseph Rock, James Beaumont - This I Swear.xml
My love for you will last till time itself is through Oh my darling Oh my darling this I swear is true. My heart is yours my dear. There will be no one new. Oh my darling Oh my darling This I swear is true. I promise you that I will never make you cry. This love will be eternally cross my heart and hope to die. My lips will kiss I vow nobody else but you. Oh my darling Oh My darling this I swear is true.
Terry Dempsey - Love Is A Beautiful Song.xml
Love is a beautiful song la la la la la la la love is a beautiful song la la la la la la la Love is a new way of living a new way of starting each day millions of people all over the world know that love is a beautiful song Its so good to see you now looking as lovely as ever its so good to be alive knowing that we are together Its so good to see that love has painted the stars in your eyes Youre looking the picture of lovelines youre look ing a picture my love
Duke Ellington Irving Mills & Juan Tizon 1937 - Caravan.xml
Night and stars a bove that shine so bright the mys t'ry of their fad ing light that shines up on our Car a van
Franz  Lehar, Clifford Grey - The White Dove.xml
Until I met you I never knew What life could hold for me Until I met you I never dreamed How sweet a song could be. I drifted along my lonely way With never a thought of love. Until I met you and then I knew You charmed me, my lovely white dove. I saw you I met you, I loved you then, The spell of a moment divine. I want you, I need you, I love you now. Since your eyes have looked in mine. To hold you, to guard you, to keep you fast Forever I ask nothing more. If I have your love, I'm content at last For you are the one I adore. In your heart, mysweetwhite dove, Let me build my only throne; In the kingdom of your love, Tell me I shall reign alone. In the haven of your arms, Is the peace of Heav'n above, In the spell of your lovliness I find my happiness, Sweet white dove.
Harry Tilzer, William Dillon - I Want A Girl .xml
When I was a boy my mother often said to me, Get married boy and see, how happy you will be. I have looked all over, but no girlie can I find, Who seems to be just like the little girl I have in mind, I will have to look around until the right one I have found. I want a girl, just like the girl that married dear old Dad, She was a pearl and the only girl that Daddy ever had, A good old fashioned girl with heart so true, One who loves nobody else but you, I want a girl just like the girl that married dear old Dad. Dad.
Oscar Straus, Joseph Herbert - Waltz Dream (Love's Roundelay).xml
The soft summer twilight was fading, I sat in the garden alone; The zephyrs of night serenading The trees with their mystical tone. The leaves seemed to thrill to each measure, The boughs beating time to each strain. The flow'rets all nodding their pleasure On hearing the sweet refrain. The tune set the shadows adancing, No note in the cadence was false, A melody simply entrancing, A beautiful Vienese waltz! Softly each measure, gently each strain, Thrilled me with plea sure, Filled me with pain; Tones that were tearful tones of delight, Sorrowful or cheerful, hang thro' the night. Softly each measure, Gently each strain Thrilled me with pleasure, Filled me with pain. Song of the Springtime, Love's month of May. Song of the ringtime Love's Roundelay! Song of the Springtime, Love's month of May, Song of the ringtime, Love's Roundelay.
Alain Romans, Paul Francis Webster(Eng.) - Padre.xml
...The day that we wed you blessed us and said, "May Heaven bestow you grace," There in that holy place We shared our first embrace. Our cottage was small but richer than all the palaces of a king, All day the birds would sing; our hearts were full of Spring. Padre, Padre, What happened to our love so true? Padre, Padre, In my grief I turn to you. ..Then she came along and sang him her song And won him with honeyed lies, She of the golden eyes; Now it's my heart that cries. So I kneel and pray the hours away and weary my heart has grown, Wond'ring where love has flown, counting my tears alone. Padre, Padre, Please tell me how such things can be. Padre Padre Pray for my love and me.
Bruce Johnston - I Write the Songs.xml
I've been alive forever and I wrote the very first song I put the words and the melddies together I am music and I write the songs I write the songs that make the whole world sing I write the songs of love and special things I write the songs that make the young girls cry I write the songs I write the songs. My home lies deep within you and I've got my own place in your soul Now when I look out through your eyes I'm young again even though I'm very old. songs. Oh my music makes you dance and gives you spiritto take a chance And I wrote some rock n' roll so you can move Music fills your heart well thats a real fine place to start its from me its for you its from you its for me its a world wide symphony I write the songs that make the whole world sing i write the songs of love and speccial things I write the songs that make the young girls cry I write the songs, I write the songs I am music and I write the songs
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - Saturday Night .xml
Saturday night is the loneliest night of the week, 'Cause that's the night that my sweetie and I used to dance cheek to cheek. I don't mind Sunday night at all 'cause that's the night friends come to call, And Monday to Friday go fast and another week is past, But Saturday night is the loneliest night in the week I sing the song that I sang for the mem'ries I usually seek, Until I hear you at the door, Until you're in my arms once more Saturday night is the loneliest night of the week.
Zeke  - Just a little lovin'.xml
Ever since that time be gan love has ruled the world Even Adam set the pace and started it awhirl I met you and now I know that you're the one for me come on back and you will plainly see just a little lovin will go a long way and you will make me happy the rest of my days put your arms around me then I'll be your slave cause just a little lovin will go a long way. Dont be lieve you really know how much I love you If you did you'd come on back and make my dreams come true Your,eyes your lips your loving kisses seem to linger yet I'll forgive but please dont you forget
Joe Brooks - You Light Up My Life.xml
So many nights I'd sit by my window Waiting for someone to sing me his song so many dreams I kept deep inside me Alone in the dark, now you've come a long and you light up my life you give me hope to carry on you light up my days and fill my nights with song Rolling at sea adrift on the waters Could it be finaly I'm turning for home fin'ly a chance to say hey I love you never again to be all alone and you light up my life you give me hope to car ry on you light up my days and fill my nights with song It cant be wrong when it feels so right cause you you light up my life.
Bob Merrill - Because Him Is A Baby.xml
A little girl with bows and curls, Kept asking every lady, “My dolly’s gone, can I walk along, And rockabye your baby?” Him cannot walk, him can’t even talk, But can I hold him, lady? Him’s nose is red, no hair on him head, Because him is a baby eyes are blue, my doll's were too, I cry since she's been miss ing. O lady please, just one little squeeze, Or could I maybe kiss him?
Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer - The Sweetheart Tree.xml
They say there's a tree in the forest, A tree that will give you a sign; Come along with me, to the sweetheart tree, Come and carve your name next to mine. They say if you kiss the right sweetheart, The one you've been waiting for; Big blossoms of white will burst into sight And your love will be true evermore.
Don Felder, Don Henley and Glenn Frey. - Hotel California.xml
On a dark desert highway cool wind in my hair, warm smell of colitas rising up through the air Up ahead in the distance I saw a shimmering light My head grew heavy and my sight grew dim I had to stop for the Night There she stood in the doorway I heard the mission bell ring And I was thinking to myself this could be heaven or this could be hell Then she lit up a candle and she showed me the way There were voices down the corridor I thought I heard them say Welcome to the hotel California Such a lovely place (such a lovely place) such a lovely face. There's Plenty of room at the Hotel California any time of year (any time of year ) you can find it here. Her mind is Tiffany twisted she got the Mercedes bends She got a lot of pretty pretty boys that she calls friends How they dance in the court yard Sweet summer sweat. some dance to remember some dance t0 forget So I called up the captain "please bring me my wine" he said "we haven't had that spirit here since nineteen sixty nine And still those Voicare far away wake you up in the middle of the night just to hear them say They livin' it up at the hotel California what a nice surprise (what a nice surprise) bring your alibis Mirrors on the ceilings the pink champagne on ice and she said "we are all just prisoners here of our own device." and in the master's chambers they gathered for the feast. They stab it with their steely knives but they just can't kill the beast. Last thing I remember I was running for the door I had to find the passage back to the place I was before. "relax" said the night man "we are programed to receive. You can check out any time you like but you can never leave."
William J. Kirkpatrick, Fanny J. Crosby - He Hideth My Soul.xml
A       wonderful Saviour is Jesus my Lord, A wonderful Savior to me. He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock, Where rivers of pleasure I see. He hideth my soul in the cleft of the rock That shadows a dry, thirsty land. He hideth my life in the depths of His love, And covers me there with His hand, And covers me there with His hand.
Herbert Stothart, Jimmy McHugh, Dorothy Fields - Cuban Love Song.xml
Life is filled with glory Now that I know this love was meant to be Each kiss tells the story While my heart rings And sings our melody dear. I love you that's what my heart is saying While ev'ry breeze is playing our Cuban Love Song I love you for all the joy you brought me The lovely night you taught me our Cuban Love Song One melody will always thrill my heart One kiss will cheer me when we're far apart (Dear One) I love youwith such a tender passion and only you could fashion our Cuban Love Song I Love Song
Jessi Alexander & Jon Mabe - The Climb.xml
I can almost see it that dream I'm dreaming but There's a voice inside my head saying You'll never reach it Every step I'm taking Every move I make feels Lost with no direction My faith is skaking but I gotta keep trying Gotta keep my head held high There's always gonna be another mountain I'm always gonna wanna make it move Always gonna be an uphill battle Sometimes I'm gonna have to lose ain't about how fast I get there ain't about what's waiting on the other side It's the climb The troubles I'm facing The chances I'm taking Sometimes might knock me down but no I'm not breaking I may not know it But these are the moments I'm gonna remember most yeah Just gotta keep going And I' I gotta be strong just keep pushing on Cause There's always gonna be another mountain I'm always gonna wanna make it move Always gonna be an uphill battle Sometimes I'm gonna have to lose ain't about how fast I get there ain't about what's waiting on the other side It's the climb Yeah
Lifehouse - You & Me.xml
What day is it and in what month this clock never seemed so alive I can't keep up and I can't back down I've been losing so much time Cause it's you and me and all of the people with nothing to do nothing to lose and it's you and me and all of the people and I don't know why I can't keep my eyes off of you all of the things that I want to say just aren't coming out right I'm tripping inwards you got my head spinning I don't know where to go from here There's something about you now I can't quite figure out ev'rything she does is beautiful ev'rything she does is right cause it's you and me and all of the people with nothing to do nothing to lose and it's you and me and all of the people and I don't know why I can't keep my eyes off of nothing to prove and it's you and me eyes off of you what day is it and in what month this clock never seemed so alive
Matt Dennis, Tom Adair - Let's Get Away From It All.xml
Let's take a boat to Bermuda, Let's take a plane to Saint Paul, Let's take a kayak to Quincy or Nyack, Let's get away from it all. Let's take a trip in a trailer, No need to come back at all, Let's take a powder to Boston for chowder, Let's get away from it all. We'll travel 'round from town to town, We'll visit ev'ry state. I'll repeat, "I love you sweet!" In all the fortyeight. Let's go again to Nia'gra, This time we'll look at the fall, Let's leave our hut dear, Get out of our rut dear, Let's get away from it all.
Morris Levy, Frankie Lymon - Why Do Fools Fall In Love.xml
Why do birds sing so gay and lovers await the break of day? why do they fall in love? why does the rain fall from up above? why do fools fall in love? why do they fall in love? Love is a losing game love can be a shame I know of a fool you see for that fool is me! Tell me why Tell me why!
Rudolf Sieczynski, Richard Tauber - Vienna,City Of My Dreams (Vienna Dreams).xml
Heaven Viena mine, I'm in the spell of your charms divine. Dressed like a queen, with life so gay You are the love of my heart today. Heaven, Viena mine, Laughter and music and stars that shine. Wonderful city where I belong, To you I sing my songMy heart seems to beat, with rapture so sweet, I walk thro' the town in a trance. A Lady so fair beyond all compare has filled me with joy and romance. Her moods and her wiles, her frowns and her smiles Keep changing so quickly each day. No wonder I dream, her beauty supreme enslaves me and I must obey. And tho' she has countless lovers like me, I have no wish to be set free.
Guy Hall, Henry Kleinkauf, Jack Lawrence - Johnson Rag.xml
Hep Hep There goes the Johnson Rag Hoy Hoy there goes the latest shag Ho Ho It really isn't a gag Hep Hep There goes the Johnson Rag Jump Jump Don't let your left foot drag Jeep Jeep It's like a game of tag Juke Juke It's even good for a stag Jump jump And do the Johnson Rag If you're feelin' in the groove It sends you out of the world Funny how it makes you move I don't wanna coax But don't be a "Mokes" Zig Zig Then add a Zig Zig Sag Zoop Zoop Just let your shoulders wag Zoom Zoom and now it's right in the bag Get hep and get happy with the Johnsong rag.
Irving Berlin - The girl that I marry.xml
The girl that I marry will have to be as soft and as pink as a nursery the girl I call my own will have satins and laces and smell of cologne her nails will be polished and in her hair she'll wear a gardnia and I'll be there "stead of flitting I'll be sitting next to her and she'll purr like a kitten A doll I can carry the girl that I marry must be.
Sesame Street - I Don't Want to Live on the Moon.xml
Well, I'd like to visit the moon on a rocket ship high in the air Yes, I'd like to visit the moon But I don't think i'd like to live there I would like to look down from the earth from above I would miss all the places and people I love So although I might like it for one af ter noon I don't want to live on the moon I'd like to travel under the sea. I could meet all the fish every where Yes, I'd travel under the sea But I don't think I'd like to live there I might stay for a day there if I had my wish But there's not much to do when your friends are all fish and an oyster and clam arn't real family So I don't want to live in the sea I'd like to visit the jungle hear the lions roar go back in time and meet a dionosaur Ther's so many strange places where I'd like to be But none of them permanently So if I should visit the moon Well, I'll dance on a moonbeam and then I will make a wish on a star And I'll wish i was home once again Though I'd like to look down at the earth from above I would miss all the places and people I love So although I may go i'll be coming home soon 'Cause I don't want to live on the moon No, I don't want to live on the moon
Sam H. Stept, Charles Tobias, Lew Brown - Comes Love (simpler version).xml
Comes a Rainstorm put your rubbers on your feet comes a snowstorm you can get a little heat comes love nothing can be done Comes a fire then you know just what to do blow a tire you can buy another shoe comes love nothing can be done Oh don't try hiding 'cause there isn't any use You start sliding when your heart turns on the juice comes a headache you can lose it in a day comes a toothache see your dentist right away comes love nothing can be done Comes a heatwave you can hurry to the shore comes a summons you can hide behind the door comes love nothing can be done Comes the measles you can quarantine a room Comes a mousey you can chase it with a broom comes love nothing can be done oh That's all Brother if you've ever been in love That's all brother you know what I'm speaking of Comes a nightmare can always stay a wake comes depression you may get another break comes love nothing can be done
Meredith Willson - I see the moon.xml
I see the moon the moon sees me down thru the leaves of the old oak tree Please let the light that shines on me shine on the one I love Over the mountain over the sea back where my heart is longing to be please let the light that shines on me shine on the one I love I hear the lark the lark hears me singing a song with a memory please let the lark that sings to me sing to the one I love please let the lark that sings to me sing to the one I love
Robert Alexander Anderson - Lovely Hula Hands.xml
Lovely Hula Hands graceful as the birds in motion Gliding like the gulls o'er the ocean, Lovely Hula Hands, kou lima nani ë Lovely Hula Hands telling of the rains in the valley And the swirling winds over the Pali, Lovely Hula Hands, kou lima nani
Con Conrad, J Rusell Robinson, Benny Davis - Margie.xml
You can talk about your love affairs, Here's one I must tell to you. All night long they sit upon the stairs, He holds her close and starts to coo; "My little Margie I'm always thinking of you Margie I'll tell the world I love you don't forget your promise to me I have bought a home and ring and evrything for Margie you've been my inspiration days are never blue after all is said and done there is really only one Oh Margie, Margie its you. My little you.
J.D. Miller - It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels.xml
As I sit here tonight the jukebox playing the tune about the wild side of life as I listen to the words you are saying it brings memries when I was a trusting wife It wasn't God who made honky tonk angels as you said in the words of your song too many times married men think they're still single that has caused many a good girl to go wrong It's a shame that all the blame is on us women it's not true that only you men feel the same from the start most ev'y heart that's ever broken was because there always was a man to blame. wrong
Antonio Carlos Jobim - The Girl from Ipanema.xml.1
Tall and tan and young and handsome, the boy from Ipanema goes walking and when he passes, each one he passes goes "ah!" When he walks he's like a samba that swings so cool and sways so gentle, that when he passes, each one he passes goes "ah!" Oh, but I watch him so sadly. How can I tell him I love him? Yes, I would give my heart gladly but each day when he walks to the sea, he looks straight ahead not at me. Tall and tan and young and handsome, the boy from Ipanema goes walking and when he passes I smile, but he doesn't see he just doesn't see No, he doesn't see
Hoagy Carmichael, Mitchell Parish - One Morning In May.xml
One Morning In May, don't forget, Dear, that one wonderful day when we met, Dear, the world over was blue clover and hearts, carefree and gay.
The Proclaimers - I'm gonna be (500 Miles).xml
When I wake up well I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who wakes up next to you. When I go out yeah I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who goes along with you. When I get drunk yes I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who gets drunk next to you. And if I haver yeah I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who's havering to you. But I would walk five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more just to be the man who walked one thousand miles to fall down at your door When I'm working yes I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who's working hard for you. And when the money comes in for the work I do I'll pass almost ev'ry penny on to you. When I come home yeah I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who comes back home to you. And if I grow old well I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who's growing old with you. at your door Padadada Padadada dadadamdadadam dadadamdadadam dadadam da da Padadada Padadada dadadamdadadam dadadamdadadam dadadam da da When I'm lonely yes I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who's lonely without you When I'm dreaming Well I know I'm gonna dream I'm gonna dream about the time when I'm with you. When I go out Well I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who goes along with you And when I come home yeah I know I'm gonna be I'm gonna be the man who comes back home to you. I'm gonna be the man who's comin' home to you. But I would walk five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more just to be the man who walked one thousand miles to fall down at your door Padadada Padadada dadadamdadadam dadadamdadadam dadadam da da Padadada Padadada dadadamdadadam dadadamdadadam dadadam da da Padadada Padadada dadadamdadadam dadadamdadadam dadadam da da Padadada Padadada dadadamdadadam dadadamdadadam dadadam da da And I would walk five hundred miles and I would walk five hundred more just to be the man who walked one thousand miles to fall down at your door
Lynn Paul, Ralph Yates, John Small - Only Because.xml
Only because you're gentle, only because you're sweet, I grow so sentimental any time that we meet. Only because you're smiling, when others seem to frown, strange how my heart keeps smiling only when you're around.. The others may bring me excitement. It's just for a day. I know now for sure what that night meant. Our love is here to stay. Only because you guide me I give my heart to you. Heaven is here beside me only because of you.. Others may bring me exonly because of you.
Paul Simon - The Sounds Of Silence.xml
Hello darkness my old friend I've come to talk with you again Because a vision softly creeping left its seeds while I was sleeping and the vision that was planted in my brain still remains within the sound of silence In restless dreams I walk alone through narrow streets of cobblestone beneath the halo of a street lamp I turned my collar to the cold and damp when my eyes were stabbed by the flash on a neon light split the night and touched the sound of silence and in the naked light I saw ten thousand people maybe more people talking without speaking people hearing without listening people writing songs that voices never shared noone dared dis turb the sound of silence Fools said I you do not know silence like a cancergrows hear my words that I might teach you take my arms that I might reach you but my words like silent raindrops fell and echoed in the wells of silence and the people bowed and prayed to the neon god they made, the sign flashed out its warning in the words that it was forming and the signs said the words of the prophets are written on the subway walls and tenement halls and whisper in the sounds of silence.
Don von Tress - Achy Breaky Heart.xml
You can tell the world, you never was my girl. You can burn my clothes when I'm gone. Or you can tell your friends just what a fool I've been and laugh and joke about me on the phone. You can tell my arms go back to the farm. You can tell my feet to hit the floor. Or you can tell my lips to tell my fingertips they won't be reaching out for you no more. Don't tell my heart, my achy breaky heart I just don't think he'd understand. And if you tell my heart, my Achy Breaky heart, he might blow up and kill this man. Ooh. You can tell your ma I moved to Arkansas. You can tell your dog bite my leg. Or tell your brother Cliff, whose fist can tear my lip. He never really liked me anyway. Or tell your aunt Louise. Tell anything you please. Myself already knows I'm not okay. Or you can tell my eyes to watch out for my mind. It might be walking out on me today. But man. Don't tell my heart, my Achy Breaky heart I just don't think he'd under stand. And if you tell my heart my Achy Breaky heart, he might blow up and kill this man. Ooh.
Traditional - Jolly Old Saint Nicholas.xml
Jolly old Saint Nicholas lean your ear this way Don't you tell a single soul, What I'm going to say. Christas eve is coming soon, Now, you dear old man, Whisper what you'll bring to me; Tell me if you can.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - But Not For Me.xml
They're writing songs of love, But not for me. A lucky star's above, But not for me. With love to lead the way I've found more clouds of grey Than any Rus sian play Could guarantee. I was a fool to fall And get that way; Heighho! Alas! and al so, Lack a day! Although I cant dismiss the mem'ry of his kiss I guess he's not for me.
Mitch Leigh, Joe Dario - The Impossible Dream.xml
To dream the impossible dream to fight the unbeatable foe to bear with unbearable sorrow to run where the brave dare not go to reach the unreachable star! this is my quest to follow that star no matter how hopeless no matter how far to fight for the right without question or pause to be willing to marchin to hell for a heavenly cause and I know if I'll only be true to this glorious quest that my heart will lie peaceful and calm when I'm laid to my rest and the world will be betterfor this that one man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars.
Harold Arlen, Leo Robin - It Was Written in the Stars.xml
It was written in the stars what was written in the stars shall be. It was written in the stars that the heart and not the eyes shall see. And so, whether it bring joy, whether it bring woe it shall be done! Now, suddenly I know you are the one. Here as in a daydream, by my side you stand. Here with my to morrows in your hand. It was written high above that I have to have your love or I'll never be free. And cloudy through the day be, crazy though I may be what the stars foretold shall be. and so shall it be.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Spring Is Here.xml
Spring is here! Why doesn't my heart go dancing? Spring is here! Why isn't the waltz entrancing? No desire, no ambition leads me, Maybe it's because nobodyy needs me. Spring is here! Why doesn't the breeze delight me? Stars appear Why doesn't the night invite me? Maybe it's because nobody loves me, Spring is here I hear! hear.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart  - My Heart Stood Still.xml
I took one look at you, That's all I meant to do; and then my heart stood still!! My feet could step and walk, my lips could move and talk, and yet my heart stood still! Though not a single word was spoken, I could tell you knew, that unfelt clasp of hands told me so well you knew. I never lived at all until the thrill of that moment when My Heart Stood Still! Still!
Kurt Weill, based on the original German lyrics by Bertolt Brecht (Die Moritat von Mackie Messer), Marc Blitzstein - Mack The Kn.xml
Oh, the shark has pretty teeth, dear and he shows them pearly white. Just a jackknife has Macheath, dear and he keeps it out of sight. When the shark bites with his teeth, dear scarlet billows start to spread. Fancy gloves, though wears Macheath, dear so there's not a trace of red. On the sidewalk Sunday morning lies a body oozing life; someone's sneaking 'round the corner. Is the someone Mack The Knife? From a tugboat by the river acement bag's dropping down; the cement's just for the weight, dear. Bet you Mackie's back in town. Louie Miller disappeared, dear after drawing out his cash; and Macheath spends like a sailor. Did our boy do something rash? Sukey Tawdry, Jenny Diver, Polly Peachum, Lucy Brown, oh, the line forms on the right, dear now that Mackie's back in town.
Philip E. Medley - A Million to One (Transcribed).xml
A Million to One, that's what our folks think about this love of ours. A Million to One, they say that our love will fade like yesterday's flowers. They're betting everything that our love won't survive. They're hoping in time we'll forget each other's lies. A Million to One, they feel we're too young to know the meaning of love. A Million to One, that they've forgotten the dreams that we're dreaming of. But we'll forgive them because we love them after all is said and done. Dear "One in a Million" A Million to One. But we'll forgive them because we love them after all is said and done. Dear "One in a Million" A Million to One.
Corinne Bailey Rae & Marc Nelkin - Breathless.xml
Seems like evry one else has a lov just for them. I don't mind, we havε such a good time, my best friend But sometimes, wel, I wish we could be more then friends tell me do you know? Tell me do you know? I get so breathless when you call my name I've of ten won dered: do you feel the same There's a chemistry, ener gy a synchronicity when we're all alone. So don't tell me you can't see what I'm thinking of I can understand that you don't want to cross the line. And you know I can't promise you things turn out fine. But I have to be honest I want you to be mine. Oh! 'Cause I've tried to do this right in your own time. I've been telling you with my eyes my heart's on fire, why don't you realise? Tell me do you know? Tell me do you know? I get so breath  less breathless when you call my name I've of ten won dered: do you feel the same There's a chemistry, ener gy a synchronicity when we're all alone. So don't tell me you can't see what I'm thinking of
Interpol - Rest My Chemistry.xml
Have n't slept for two days I've bathed in noth ing but sweat and I've made hall ways scenes for things to re gret my friends they come and the lines they go by to nite I'm gon na REST MY CHEM IST RY to nite I'm gon na REST MY CHEM IS TRY Lived my life in coc aine A rage and three kinds of yes and I've made stair ways such scenes for things I re gret those days in the sun they bring a tear to my eye SO YOUNG You're so young You're
Marty Robbins - El Paso.xml
Out in the West Tex as town of El Paso I fell in love with a Mexican girl Nighttime would find me in Rosas canteena musicwould play and Felina would whirl blacker than night were the eyes of Felinna wicked and evil while casting a spell My love was deep for this Mexican maiden I was in love but in vain I could tell One night a wild young cowboy came in wild as the West Texas wind dashing and daring a drink he was sharing with wicked Felina the girl that I loved so in anger I challenged his right for the love of this maiden Down went his hand for the gun that he wore My challenge was answered in less than a heartbeat,the handsome young stranger lay dead on the floor From out of nowhere Felina has found me Kissing my cheek as she kneels by my side Cra dled by two lov ing arms that I'll die for one little kiss then Felina goodbye bye
Thom Bell and Linda Creed - You Make Me Feel Brand New.xml
My love I'll never find the words my love To tell you how I feel my love Mere words could notexplain Precious love you held my life within your hands Created ev'rything I am Taught me how to live again Only you cared when I needed a friend Believed in me through thick and thin This song is for you filled with gratitude and love God bless you you make me feel brand new For God blessed me with you You make me feel brand new I sing this song 'cause you make me feel brand new My love when ever I was insecure you built me up and made me sure You gave my pride back to me Precious friend with you I'll always have a friend You're someone who I can depend To walk a path that sometimes bends Without you life has no meaning or rhyme Like notes to a song out of time How can I repay you for having faith inme you make me feel brand new.
Fred Rose, Walter Hirsch - 'Deed I do.xml.1
Do I want you? Oh my, do I? Honey 'deed I do. Do I need you? Oh my, do I? Honey 'deed I do. I'm glad that I'm the one who found you, that's why I'm always hangin' 'round you. Do I love you? Oh my, do I? Honey 'deed I do.
Vernon Duke - Autumn In New York.xml
Autumn in New York, why does it seem so inviting? Autimn in New York, it spells the thrill of first nighting. Glittering crowds and shimmering clouds in canyons of steel They're making me feel I'm home. It's Autumn in New York, That brings the promise of new love; Autumn in New York it's often mingled with pain. Dreamers with empty hands may sigh for exotic lands; it's Autumn in New York. It's good to live it again Autumn in New York, the gleaming rooftops at sundown. Autumn in New York, It lifts you up when your rundown. Jaded roues and gay divorcees who lunch at the Ritz, will tell you that "it's di vine." This Autumn in New York, transforms the slums into Mayfair; Autumn in New York you'll need not castles in Spain. Lovers that bless the dark on benches in Central Park greet Autumn in New York It's good to live it a gain
John Rostill - Let Me Be There.xml.1
Wherever you go wherever you may wander in your life surely you know I'ii always wanna be there, holding your hand and standing by to catch you when you fall seeing you through in ev'rything you do. Let me be there in your morning, Let me be there in your night. Let me change whatever's wrong and make it right Let me take you through that wonderland that only two can share All I ask youoo is let me be there, Watching you grow and going thru' the changes in your life that's how I know I'll always wanna be there, whenever you feel you need a friend to lean on here I am Whenever you call you know I'll be there Let me be All I ask yoooo Is let me be there.
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - Something To Remember You By.xml
Oh, give me something to remember you by, when you are far away from me dear. Some little something, meaning love cannot die, No matter where you chance to be. Though I'll pray for you, night and day for you; it will see me through like a charm, till you're returning. So give me something to remember you by, when you are far away from me. me.
Hank Williams - Alabama Waltz.xml
I was sad and blue I was down hearted too It seemed like the whole world was lost then I took a chance and we happened to dance to the tune of the Alabama waltz waltz waltz the Alabama waltz there all my fears and cares were lost there in your arms with all of your charms we danced the Alabama waltz
Guy Roche, Shelly Peiken - What A Girl Wants.xml
What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever makes me happy sets you free. What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever keeps me in your arms. I wanna thank you for giving me time to breathe. Like a rock, you wait ed so patiently while I got it togehter, hmm, while I figured it out. I only looked, but I never touched 'cause in my heart was a picture of us holdin' hands, makin' plans and it's lucky for me you understand. What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever makes me happy sets you free, and I'm thanking you for knowing exactly. What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever keeps me in your arms, and I'm thanking you for being there for me. s Oh, baby. Oh, darlin', thank tou, thank you. A girl needs somebody sensitive but tough, somebody there when the goin' gets rough. Every night he'll be giving his love to just one girl, one girl, one. Somebody cool but real tender too. Somebody, baby, just like you can keep me hangin' around with the one who always knew... What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever makes me happy sets you free. What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever keeps me in your arms. What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever makes me happy sets you free, and I'm thanking you for giving it to me. What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever keeps me in your arms, and I'm thanking you for being there. What a girl wants, what a girl needs, whatever makes me happy sets you free, and I'm thanking you for knowing exactly.
Ken Lane, Irving Taylor - Everybody Loves Somebody Sometime.xml
Ev'rybody loves somebody sometime, Ev'rybody falls in love somehow. Something in your kiss just told me my sometime is now. Ev'rybody finds somebody some place, There's no telling where love may appear. something in my heart keeps saying my someplace is here. If I had it in my power I'd arrange for ev'ry girl to have you charms. Then ev'ry minute, evry hour Ev'ry boy would find what I found in your arms. Ev'rybody loves sombody sometime, And although my dream was over due, Your love made it well worth waiting for someone like you. you.
Marr, Morrissey - WONDERFUL WOMAN.xml
Here, her head as she lay Un til she'd rise and say I'm starved of mirth Let's go and trick at the wharf What to be done with her I ask my self What to be done with her ohh ohhh la da da la da da la da da la da da la da da la da da Ice, wat er for blood with neith er heart or spine and then to pass time Let us go and rob the blind When she calls me I do not walk I run But when she calls me I do not walk I run
Udo Jurgens, Don Black - Walk Away.xml
Walk away please go before you throw your life away A life that I could sharefor just a day We should have met some years ago For your sake I say Walk away Just go Walk away and live A life that's full, with no regret, Don't look back at me Just try to for get Why build a dream that cannot come true So be strong, reach the stars now, Walk away walk on. If I heard your voice I'd beg you to stay So don't say a word just run right away. Goodbye my love My tears will fall now that you're gone, I can't help but cry But I must go on I'm sad that I, after searching so long, Knew I lovedyou but told you walk away, Walk on Walk on.
Elmer Bernstein, Earl Shuman - Monica.xml
Monica a perfect day in spring. That's Monica, the dream that rainbows bring. More than just music whenever you appear, You are the music the stars fall down to hear! So, Monica, I'm wond'ring with each kiss what miracle brings you as close as this. Let waves break, let the winds rush, when I say that I love you; But what a moment Monica, If you should say it too.
James D. Vaughn - Mary Ethel Weiss - I Dreamed I Searched Heaven For You.xml
I dreamed I had gone to that ci ty that ci ty where ne ver comes night and I saw the bright an gels in glo ry I saw the fair man sions of light I gazed for long long years of rap ture on the face of my Sav ior so true and I sang with the ser a phim ho ly then I dreamed I searched heav en for you I dreamed I seached hea ven for you searched vain ly through hea ven for you Oh won't you pre pare to meet me up there lest we should seach heav en for you I looked on both sides of the ri ver that flows through the city of God and I seached through bright man sions cel est ial and streets of gold pave ment I trod the faces of saints by the mil lion I scanned in my yearn ing to see that face I had cher ished so fond ly The face that had grown dear to me I dreamed I seached hea ven for you searched vain ly through hea ven for you Oh won't you pre pare to meet me up there lest we should seach heav en for you I asked the ten thou sand sweett an gels have you seen my loved on pray tell have you met on the bright streets of glo ry the one on earth I loved so well they shook their heads sad ly and told me that the had not seen you and then I know that some where in the dark ness you wan dered lost in your sin I dreamed I seached hea ven for you searched vain ly through hea ven for you Oh won't you pre pare to meet me up there lest we should seach heav en for you
Kurt Weill, Ira Gershwin - My Ship.xml.1
My ship has sails that are made of silk. The decks are timmed with gold. And of jam and spice there's a paradise in the hold. My ship's aglow with a million pearls, and rubies fill each bin. The sun sits high in a sapphire sky when my ship comes in. I can wait the years till it appears one fine day, one spring. But the pearls and such, they won't mean much if there's missing just one thing. I do not care if that day arrives, that dream need never be, if the ship I sing doesn't also bring my own true love to me. If the ship I sing doesn't also bring my own true love to me.
Harry Ruby, Bert Kalmar - Three Little Words.xml
Three Little Words, oh, what I'd give for that wonderful phrase. To hear those Three Little Words, that's all I'd live for the rest of my days. And what I feel in my heart they tell sincerely, no other words can tell it half so clearly. Three Little Words, eight little letters which simply mean, "I love you?'
Mack Gordon and Harry Revel - She Reminds Me Of You.xml
She walks like you, She talks like you, says pretty little things just the way you do' so I fell in love with her because She reminds me of you. She pouts like you, she doubts like you, always keeps on telling me that I'm untrue, so I fell in love with her because She reminds me of you. Time and time I've called her by your name, and our love I never have denied, but she said if I love her half as much as I loved you, She'd be satisfied. She sighs like you, she cries like youmay she never tell those little lies like you for I fell in love with her because She reminds me of you.
Roland Orzabal - Mad World.xml
All around me are familiar faces, worn out places, worn out faces Bright and early for their daily races, going nowhere, going nowhere Their tears are filling up their glasses, no expression, no expression. Hide my head, I wanna drown my sorrow, no tomorrow, no tomorow. And I find it kinda funny, I find it kinda sad that dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had. I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take when people run in circles, it's a very, very mad world. Mad world. Children waiting for the day they feelgood, happy birthday, happy birthday. And I feel the way that ev'ry child should sit and listen, sit and listen Went to school and I was very nervous, noone knew me, noone knew me. Hello teacher, tell me what's my lesson, look right through me, look right through me. Enlargen your world. Mad world.
John Klenner, Sam M. Lewis - Just Friends.xml
Just friends, lovers no more, just friends, but not like before, To think of what we´ve been and not to kiss again seems like pretending itisn´t theending. Two friends drifting apart, Two friends, but one broken heart, We loved, we laughed, we cried, and suddenly love dies, The story ends and we´re just friends.
David Clayton Thomas - Spinning wheel.xml
What goesup must come down spinning wheel got to go round talkin bout your troubles its a crying sin ride a painted pony let your spin ning wheel spin you got no money you got no home spinning wheel all alone talkin bout your troubles and you you never learn ride a painted pony let the spinning wheel turn give your fine directing sign on the straight and narrow high way would you mind a reflecting sign just let it shine within your mind and show you the coolours that are real someone is waiting just for you spinning wheel spinning true drop all your trouble on the river side catch a painted pony let the spinning whe el fly spinning wheel fly
Gerry Goffin and Carole King - I Want To Stay Here.xml
OH OH I don't want to go to theb party with you I don't want to go to the dance I don't want to go any where with you, I just want to stay here and love you, OH Now that I can be alone with You I won't throw away the chance There's= no place like home with you, so I want to stay here and love you, OH OH All through the week, I miss you so, So now that I've got you I'm gonna hold you closer and closer and closer and oh, I don't want to go for a walk with you, and now that I am in this trance I don't even know if I'll talk to you, I just want to stay here and love you,OH OH OH
Franke Harling, Sam Coslow - Sing You Sinners.xml
You sinners drop ev'rything, let dat harmony ring up to heaven and sing, sing you sinners. Just wave your arms all about, let the Lord hear you shout. Pour dat music right out, sing you sinners. Whenever there's music the debil kicks, he don't allow music by dat river Styx. You're wicked and you're depraved, and you've all misbehaved, if you wana be saved, sing you sinners. You sinners sinners.
Gordon Clifford, Harry Barris - I Surrender, Dear.xml
We've palyed a game of stay away But it cost more than I can pay, Without you I can't make my way, I surrender, dear, I may seem proud, I may act gay, It's just a pose, I'm not that way, 'Cause deep down in my heart I say, I surrender, dear. Little mean things we were doing Must have been part of the game, Lending a spice to the wooing But I don't care who's to blame. When stars appear and shadows fall, Why then you'll hear, My poor heart call, To you my love, my life, my all, I surrender dear. dear.
Edward C. Redding - The End Of A Love Affair.xml
So I walk a little too fast, and I drive a little too fast, and I'm reckless it's true, but what else can you do at the end of a love affair? So I talk a little too much, and I laugh a little too much, and my voice is too load when I'm out in a crowd, so that people are apt to lonely and low as can be? And the smile of my face isn't really a smile at all So I smoke a litle too much, and I drink a little too much, and the tunes I request are not always the best, but the ones where the trumpets blare! So I go at a maddening pace, and I pretend that it's taking her place. But what else can I do at the end of a love affair?
Charlie Tobias, Lew Brown, Sam H Stept - Don't Sit Under The Apple Tree.xml
Don't sit under the apple tree with anyone else but me Anyone else but me anyone else but me, No! No! No! Don't sit under the apple tree with anyone else but me 'til I come marching home. Don't go walkin' down lover's lane with anyone else but me Anyone else but me Anyone else but me, No! No! No! Don't go walkin down lovers lane with anyone else but me 'til I come marching home. I just got word from a guy who heard from the guy next door to me, The girl he met just loves to pet and it fits him to a 'T' So Dont sit under the apple tree with anyone else but me til I come marching home
Billy Reid 1945 - The Gypsy.xml
In a quaint caravan there's a lady they call the Gypsy She can look in the fu ture, and drive away all your fears Evrything will come right If you only believe the Gyp sy She could tell at a glance that my heart was so full of tears. She looked at my hand and told me My lover was al ways true, and yet in my heart I knew dear, somebodyelse was kissing you But I'll go there again 'cause I want to believe the Gyp sy That my lo ver is true and will come back to me some
Ross MacLean, Arthur Richardson - Too Fat Polka.xml
Here's a silly ditty, You can sing it right away Now, here is what you say So sing it while you may Here's a silly jingle, You can sing it night or noon Here's the words, that's all you need 'Cause I just sang the tune: Oh, I don't want her, you can have her She's too fat for me She's too fat for me She's too fat for me I don't want her, you can have her She's too fat for me She's too fat She's too fat She's too fat for me I get dizzy I get numbo When I'm dancing with my JumJumJumbo me Can she prance up a hill? No, no, no, no, no Can she dance a quadrille? No, no, no, no, no Does she fit in your coupe? By herself she's a group Could she possibly sit upon your knee? No, no, no We don't want her, you can have her She's too fat for me And She's too fat for me But She's just right for me We don't want her, you can have her She's too fat for me Yeah, she's too fat, Much too fat But she's just right for me She' a twosome, She's a foursome If she'd lose some I would like her more some
Sammy Cahn & Cyril Mockridge - It's A Woman's World.xml
It's A Woman's World, when she's in love, it's a womans world, his kiss can make her glow, and thet's what makes it so. It's a woman's world, stars dance above, it's a lovely world, his footstep at the door, just proves it more and more. His lips his dreams and his ambitions, all the ups and downs she'll gladly share. She'll give her all without conditions, when he looks around she'll be there. It's a woman's world, ask any man, it's a woman's world, and he's so glad it is, for when it's hers it's his, It's A Woman's World but only because it's his.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - The More I See You.xml
The more I see you, The more I want you somehow this feeling just grows and grows, with ev'ry sigh I become more mad about you lost without you and so it goes can you imagine how much I love you how much I need you as years go by I know the only one for me can only be you my arms wont free you and my heart wont try.
Woody Guthrie - So Long, It's Been Good To Know You.xml
I've sung this song, but I'll sing it again of the people I've met and the places I've been of some of the troublesthat bothered my mind and a lot of good people that I've left hehind saying so long It's been good to know ye' so long it's been good to know ye, so long, its been good to know ye what a long time since I've been home and I've got to be drifting along The sweethearts sat in the dark and they sparked they hugged and kissed in that dusty old dark they sighed and cried hugged and kissed instead of marriage they talked like this Honey long went
Pete Wendling, Edgar Leslie, Bert Kalmar - Oh! What A Pal Was Mary.xml
Mary o' mine, Mary o' mine, grew like a rose in a bower. Bloomed for a day, Faded away, I lost a beautiful flower. sweetheart and friend, right to the end; That's why I miss her so. Oh! what a pal was Mary Oh! what a pal was she; An angel was born on Easter morn, and God sent her down to me. Heart of my heart was Mary, Soul of my soul divine, Though she is gone, love lingers on, for Mary old pal of mine. mine.
Stephen Foster , Stephen Foster 1854 - Jeanie With The Light Brown Hair.xml
I dream of Jeannie with the light brown hair Borne like a vapor on the summer air I see her tripping where the bright streams play Happy as the daisies that dance on her way Many were the wild notes her merry voice would pour, Many were the blithe birds that warbled them o'er I dream of Jeannie with the light brown hair Floating like a vapor on the soft summer air I long for Jeannie with the day dawn smile Radiating gladness warm with winning guile I hear her mel;odies like joys gone by Sighing round my heart o'er the fond hopes that die. Sighing like the night wind and sobbing like the rain Waiting for the lost one that comes not again I long for Jeannie and my heart bows low Never more to find her where the bright waters flow.
Les Kettley - Don't Ask.xml
You ask me if I love you, time and time again, but you don't believe me when I say I do, will you believeme, if I say it once again, I love you. Don't ask, if I love you, don't ask if I care, don't ask, why you are the one for me, don't ask how I know you care, it's clear for all to see, don't ask, why I am the one for you. I love you how I love you, I tell you no lies, but it's some timr since you said that you love me, I would believe you I see it in your eyes, you love me. hope you say I do.
Edwin Lemare, Ben Black, Neil Moret - Moonlight and Roses.xml
Moon light and roses bring wonderful memries of you My heart reposes in beautiful thoughts so true June light discloses loves olden dreams sparkling anew Moon light and roses bring memries of you.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - As Long As There's Music.xml
As long as there's music and words of romance, The spell of a theme starts you to dream there's always a chance. As long as there's music whatever the song, as long as there's music for sweethearts to sing, I'll sing you my love melodies of the birds on the wing. My loneliest days will never seem long. As slong as there's music and you are the song.
Julius Cesar Sanders, Dorcas Cochran - I GET IDEAS (When I Dance With You).xml
When we are dancing and you're dangerously near me, I GET IDEAS I get i de as I wanna hold you so much cloer than I dare to, I wanyouna scold you 'cause I care more than I care to. And when you touch me and there's fire in ev 'ry finger, I get ideas I get i deas, And after we have kissed goodnight and still you linger, I kinda think you get ideas too. Your eyes are always saying the things you're never saying, I only hope they're saying that you could love me, too. For that's the whole idea it's true, the lovely idea that I've fallen in love with you.
Morrissey, Boz Boorer - Jack the Ripper.xml
Oh, you look so tired Mouth slack and wide Illhoused and ill ad vised Your face is mean as your life has been Crash in to my arms I want you You don't a gree but you don't re fuse I KNOW YOU And I know a place where no one is like ly to pass I don't care if its late and you don't care if you are lost Oh, you look so tired But to nite you pre sume too much too much too much and if its the last thing I ev er do I'm gon na get you AH HA No bod y knows me AH HA No bod y knows me AH HA No bod y knows me
Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh - I'm In the Mood for Love.xml
I'm in the mood for love Simplyly because you're near me Fun ny, but when you're near me I'm in the mood for love. Heaven was in you're eyes Bright as the stars we're under Oh is it any wonder? I'm in the mood for love. Why should we think of weather This little dream might fade We'll put our hearts together Now we are one, I'm not afraid If there's a cloud above If it should rain we'll let it But, for tonight, for get it I'm in the mood for I'm in the mood for I'm in the mood for love
M.carlo & A.M.Sanders, R.W.Pascoe - Little Town in the ould County Down.xml
Sure if I had the wings of a swallow I would travel far over the sea, Then a rocky ould road I would follow To a spot that is Heaven to me. When the sun goes to rest, 'way down in the west, Then I'll build such a nest, in the place I love best: In that dear little town in the ould County Down, It will linger way down in my heart Tho' it never was grand, it is my fairy land, Just a wonderful world set apart. Oh, my Ireland of dreams, you are with me, it seems, And I care not for fame, or renown, Like the blacksheep of old, I'll come back to the fold, Little town in the ould County Down! In the Down.
Milton Ager, Jack Yellen - I Wonder What's Become Of Sally.xml
I wonder what's become of Sally, That old gal of mine? The sunshine's missing from our alley, Ever since the day Sally went away. No matter what she is, Whereever she may be, If no one wants her now Please send her home to me. I'll always welcome back my Sally, That old gal of mine. I'll mine.
Dave Oppenheim, Ira Schuster, Little Jack Little - Hold Me.xml
Hold me honey won't you hold me? hold me never let me go take me honey won't you take me never to forsake me cause I love you so thrill me let your kisses thrill me just like you alone can do hold me tenderly enfold me never try to hold me from you
Tony Joe White - Rainy Night in Georgia.xml
GUITAR Huddling by my suitcase, tryin' to find a warm place to spend the night. Heavy rains are fallen Seems I hear your voice callin' "It's alright". It's a rainy night in Georgia! Such a rainy night in Georgia! Lord! I believe it's raining all over the world. I feel like it's raining all over the world. Neon signs are flashin', taxicabs and buses passing through the night. The distant moaning of a train seems to play a sad refrain to the night. A rainy night in Georgia! Such a rainy night in Georgia! Lord! I believe it's raining all over the world. I feel like it's raining over the world. How many times I've wondered, it still come out the same cause no matter how you look at it or think of it it's life and we all must play the game. GUITAR I find me a place in a boxcar so I take my guitar to pass some time. But late at night when it's hard to rest I hold your picture to my chest and I feel fine. But it's a rainy night in Georgia! Baby it's a rainy night in Georgia! Lord! I believe it's raining all over the world. Rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin', rainin' all over the world. GUITAR
Dave Dreyer, Herman Ruby - Cecilia (does your mother know you're out).xml
Does your Mother know you're out Cecilia. Does she know that I'm about to steal you. Oh! my when I look in your eyes, Something tells me you and I should get together. How about a little kiss Cecilia Just a kiss you'll never miss Ce cilia. Why do we two keep on wasting time. Oh! Cecilia say that you'll be mine.
Arthur Kent, Sylvia Dee - Bring Me Sunshine.xml
Bring Me Sunshine in your smile, bring me laughter all the while. In this world where we live, there should be more happiness. So much joy you can give to each brand new bright tomorrow! Make me happy through the years, never bring me any tears. Let your arms be as warm as the sun from up above, bring me fun, Bring Me Sunshine, bring me love. Bring Me love.
James Last, Eddie Snyder, Larry Kusik - Games That Lovers Play.xml
There are games that many foolish lovers play Blindly chasing happy endings come what may Never caring who gets hurt along the way Lets not play those games that lovers play
Richard Hayman, Lee Daniels, Sol Parker - Dansero.xml
Hold me close and hold me tight. Hold me now while my head seems light. Thrills like this linger so When I hear them play Dansero. If I dream of new delights, it's a part of this night of nights. And while I feel this glow Let them play and play Dansero. In my heart I know that if I've heard one tune I've heard a thousand themes. But still and all I find there's only one that thrills me to extremes, or so it seems. Here before my very eyes I could swear this is paradise. This is all mine I know, When I hear them play Dansero.
Kendall Hayes, Gary Walker, Kendall Hayes - Walk On By.xml
If I see you tomorrow on some street in town pardon me if I dont say hello I belong to another it wouldnt look so good to know someone I'm not supposed to know just walk on by wait on the corner I love you but were strangers when we meet just walk on by wait on the corner I love you but were strangers when we meet In a
Sammy Cahn, Bee Walker, Kay Twomey - Hey, Jealous Lover.xml
Hey! Jealous lover, You're acting so strange, Hey! Jealous lover, What is making you change? Hey! Jealous lover, How wrong can you be? I'm yours, ever faithful, Just be faithful to me. I am just as steady as a clock on the shelf, Maybe you're accusing me of what your'e doin' yourself! Hey! Jealous lover, I'm telling you true, I know that you're jealous, But there's noone but you! There's noone for me, jealous lover, but you! you!
Don Hunt - When the Wind Was Green.xml
Seasons fly past like birds on the wing. If there is winter there's bound to be spring. But I can't see how this can be. When the wind was green at the start of the spring, when the wind was green like a living thing, it was on my lips and its kiss was fair, you were there. When the wind was red like a summer wine, when the wind was red like your lips on mine, it caressed my face and it tossed my hair, you were there. Then came the fall and all of love came tumbling, stumbling down. Like leaves that lost to frost and found they were flying, crying in a brown wind, dying. But the winter's come and we both should know that the wind is white like the swirling snow. And we'll never see all the wonderful things to be seen when the wind is green.
unknown - Polly Wolly Doodle.xml
Oh I went down south for to see my Sal singing Polly Wolly Doodle all the day my Sally is a   spunky gal sing Polly Wolly Doodle all the day Fare thee well fare thee well fare thee well my fairy fay for I'm goin' to Lou'siana for to see my Susyanna singing Polly Wolly Doodle all the day.
Jerome Kern, Leo Robin - In Love in Vain.xml
It's on.y human for anyone to want to be in love, But who wants to be in love in vain? At night you hang around the house and eat you heart out, and cry your eyes out, and wrack you brain. You sit and wonder why anyone as wonderful as she (he) should cause you such misery and pain. I thought that I would be in heaven, but I'm only up a tree, cause it's just my luck to be in love in vain. It's only I thought that I'd have easy sailing but instead, I'm all at sea, vain.
Pat Ballard - Mister Santa.xml
Mister Santa bring me some toys; bring Merry Christmas to all girls and boys. And ev'ry night I'll go sleep singing and dream about the presents you'll be bringing. Santa promise me please give ev'ry reindeer a hug and a squeeze. I'll be good, as good can be, Mister Santa don't forget me. Mister Mister Santa dear old Saint Nick, be awful careful and please don't get sick. Put on your coat when breezes are blowin' and when you cross the street look where your're goin'. Santa I love you so I hope you never get lost in the snow. Take your time when you unpack, Mister Santa don't hurry back.
Victor Herbert, Al Dubin - Indian Summer.xml
Summer You old Indian Summer you're the tear that comes after June times laughter you see so many dreams that don't come true dreams we fashioned when summer time was new you are here to watch over some heart that is broken by a word that somebody left unspoken you're the ghost of a romance in June going astray fading too soon that's why I say farewell to you Indian summer.
Neal Hefti, Stanley Styne - Cute.xml
Mind if I say you're cute! In ev'ry way you're cute! Those big blue eyes, that turned up nose, that cool and carefree pose. I mean I like your style, that sly intriguing smile. your ev'ry mood, your attitude just add up to you're cute!
Bronislau Kaper, Helen Deutsch - Hi-Lili Hi-Lo.xml
A song of love is a sad song hi Lili hi Lili hilo a song of love is a song of woe dont ask me how I know a song of love is a sad song for I have loved and its so I sit at the window and watch the rain hi Lili hi Lili hilo tomorrow I'll probably love again hi Lili hi Lili hi lo A Lili hi Lili HILo.
Ted Snyder 1923, Bert Kalmar & Harry Ruby 1923 - Who's Sorry Now?.xml
Who's sorry now? who's sorry now? Whose heart is aching for breaking each vow? Who's sad and blue? who's crying too? Just like I cried over you right to the end, just like a friend, I tried to warn you somehow you had your way, now you must pay, I'm glad that you're sorry now.
Fred Rose, Walter Hirsch - 'Deed I Do.xml
Do I want you? oh my! Do I ? Honey 'deed I do . Do I need you? Oh my! do I? Honey, 'deed I do. I'm glad that I' m the one who found you. That's why I'm always be around you Do I love you? Oh my! Do I? Ho ney , 'deed I do.
Joseph Rock, James Beaumont - Since I Don't Have You.xml
I don't have plans and schemes and I don't have hopes and dreams. I don't have anything since I don't have you. I don't have fond desires and I don't have happy hours I don't have any thing since I don't have you. I don't have happiness and I guess, I never will ever again. When you walked out on me in came old misery and he's been here since then. Now I don't have much to share and I don't have one to care. I don't have anything since I don't have you.
Maurice Williams - Stay.xml
Stay! Ah, just a litle bit longer. Please! Please, please, please, please tell 'em, dear, you're goin' to, oohum. Now your dad dy don't mind and your mommy don't mind if we have another dance, uh yeah,just a one more, one more time. Oh, won't you stay just a little bit longer? Please let me hear you say you will, say you will. Won't you press your sweet lips to mine? Won't you say you love me all of the time? Oh yeah, just a litle bit longer. Please! Please, please, please, please tell 'em, dear, you're goin' to, oohum Come on, come on, come on and stay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! Come on, come on, come on and stay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! Come on, come on, come on, and stay, oh, lahdeedah! Come on, come on, come on, and
Dottie Rambo & David Hundzinger 1977 - Holy Spirit Thou Art Welcome.xml
Ho ly Spir it Thou art wel come in this place Ho ly Spir it Thou art wel come in this place Om nip o thent Fa ther of mer cy and grace Thou art wel come in this place Lord in Thy pres ence there's heal ing di vine No o ther pow er can save, Lord but Thine Ho ly spir it Thou art wel come in this place Thou art wel come in this place Ho ly Spir it Thou art wel come in this place Ho ly Spir it Thou art wel come in this place Om nip o thent Fa ther of mer cy and grace Thou art wel come in this place Fill all the hun gry and emp ty with in Re store us oh Fa ther re vive us a gain Ho ly Spir it Thout art wel come in this place Thou art wel come in this place.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance.xml
When Liberty Valance rode to town the women folk would hide, they'd hide, When Liberty Valance walked around the men would step aside; 'Cause the point of a gun was the only law that Liberty understood. When it came to shootin' straight and fast he was mighty good. From out of the east a stranger came, a law book in his hand a man. The kind of a man the west would need to tame a troubled land; 'Cause the point of a gun was the only law that Liberty understood When it came to shootin straight and fast he was mighty good. Many a man would face his gun and many a man would fall, The man who shot Liberty Valance, he shot Liberty Valance, he was the bravest of them all The love of a girl can make a man stay on when he should go, stay on Just tryin' to build a peaceful life where love is free to grow, But the point of a gun was the only law that Liberty understood When the final showdown came at last a law book was no good. Alone and afraid she prayed that he'd return that fateful night, that night When nothing she said could keep her man from goin' out to fight, From the moment a girl gets to be full grown the very first thing she learns When two men go out to face each other only one returns. Ev'ryone heard two shots ring out, one shot made Liberty fall, The man who shot Liberty Valance, he shot Liberty Valance, he was the bravest of them all.
Christina Aguilera - Hurt.xml
Seems like it was yesterday when I saw your face You told me how proud you were but I walked away If only I knew what i know today Ha I would hold you in my arms I would take the pain away Thank you for all you've done Forgive all your mistakes There's nothing I Wouldn't do To hear your voice again Sometimes I wanna call you But I know you won't be there Ooo I'm sorry for blaming you For everything I just couldn't do And I've hurt my self by hurting you Some days I feel broke Ha If I had just one more day I would tell you how much that I missed you since you've beenaway Oo It's dangerous It's so out of time To try and turn back time I'm sorry for blaming you For everything I just couldn't do And I've hurt my self By hurting you.
Bert Kaempfert and Milt Gabler - L-O-V-E.xml.1
L is for the way you Look at me. O is for the Onlyone I see. V is Ver y, very ex tra or di nar y, E is E ven more than an y one that you a dore can Love is all that I can give to you, Love is more than just a game for two. Two in Love can make it, Take my heart and please don't break it. Love was made for me and you. you That's al most true. For me and you.
Harry Weston & Bert Lee - Knees Up Mother Brown.xml
I've just been to a 'dingdong' down dear old Brixton way. Old Mother Brown the Pearly Queen's a hundred years today. Oh! what a celebration! was proper lahdidah! Until they roll'd the carpet up, and shouted "Nah then Ma" (shout) Knees up Mother Brown! Knees up Mother Brown! Under the table you must go Eeieeieeioh! If I catch you bending I'll saw your leg right off. So, knees up, knees up! Don't get the breeze up. Knees up Mother Brown. I've Brown.
Julius Wechter, Cissy Wechter - Spanish Flea.xml
There was a little Spanish flea a record star he thought he'd be he'd heard of singers like Beatles the chipmunks he'd seen on T. V why not a little Spanish be he walked a round as if he owned the town humming his pint size melody with his guitar.he knew he'd be a star and in his old home town how proud they'd be then all at once he met a man who said I'll help you if I can he listened first to his song then he sang right a long for you see he loves the little Spanish flea, you'll be the rage I'll put you on the stage in costumes like you've never worn well at a glance he knew this was a chance, yes all at once a Spanish flea was born for when the people heard him play they all began to shout OLei he was the pride of the nation a singing sensation was he though he was just a Spanish flea
Jim Weatherly - Midnight Train to Georgia.xml
L. A. proved to much for the girl So she's leavin' the life she's come to know. She's go in' back to find ooo what's left in her world. The world she left behind not so long ago. She's leavin' On that midnight train to Georgia She's goin' back to a simpler place and time. And I'll be with her On that midnight train to Georgia I'd rather live in her world than be without her in mine. She kept dreamin' that someday she'd be a star. But she found out the hard way. That some dreams don't come true. So she pawned all her hopes, Even sold her old car; Bought a oneway ticket back To the life that she once knew. And I'll be with her On that midnight train to Georgia I'd rather live in her world than be without her in mine.
Henry Nemo - Tis Autumn.xml
Ole Father Time checked so there'd be no doubt; Called on the North Wind to come on out, then cupped his hands so proudly to shout Ladedade dade dum, "Tis Autumn." The trees say they're tired they've borne too much fruit; Charmed all the wayside there's no dispute. Now, shedding leaves, they don't give a hoot, Ladedadedade dum "Tis Au tumn." Then the birds got together to chirp about the weather Mmm mm After making their decision in birdy like precision, turned about and made a beeline to the south. My holding you close really is no crime, ask the birds, the trees and Ole Fath er Time. It's just to help the mercury climb Ladedadedadedum Tis Autumn. Ole Tis Autumn.
Louis A. Hirsch, Otto Harbach - The Love Nest.xml
Just a love nest cozy with charm like a dove nest down on a farm a veranda with some sort of clinging vine then a kitchen where some rambler roses twine then a small room tea set of blue best of all room dream room for two better than a palace with a gilded dome, is a love nest you can call home
Eddie Cooley, John Davenport - Fever.xml
Never know how much I love you, Never know how much I care. When you put your arms around me, I get a fever that's so hard to bear. You give me fever when you kiss me, Fever when you hold me tight; Fever in the morning, Fever all through the night. Ev'ry body's got the fever, That is something you all know. fever isn't such a new thing; fever started long ago
Traditional English Carol - I Saw Three Ships.xml
I saw three ships come sailing in On Christmas Day, on christmas Day, I saw three ships come sailin in On Christmas Day in the morning
Sigmund Romberg, Oscar Hammerstein II - Lover, Come Back To Me.xml
The sky was blue; and high above, the moon was new and so was love. This eager heart of mine was singing: "Lover, where can you be?" You came at last. love had its day, that day is past, you've gone away. This aching heart of mine is singing: "Lover come back to me!" When I remember ev'ry little thing you used to do, I'm so lonely. Ev'ry road I walk along l've walked along with you, no wonder I am lonely. The sky is blue, the night is cold, the moon is new, but love is old; and while I'm waiting here, this heart of mine is singing: "Lover come back to me!" me!"
Bert Reisfield, Mart Fryberg, Rolf  Marbot, Dorothy Dick - Call Me Darling.xml
Call me darling, call me sweetheart, call me dear. Thrill me darling with the words I want to hear. In you dark eyes, so smiling, a promise I see, but your two lips won't say you care for me. Oh my darling, if my daydreams would come true, you would meet me at a secret rendezvous, and I'd find the para dise that lies deep in your eyes. Call me darling, call me sweetheart, call me dear. Call  me dear.
Irving Berlin - Now It Can Be Told.xml
Now it can be told, told in all it's glory. Now that we have met, the world may know the sentimental story. The greatest romance they ever knew is waiting to unfold. Now it can be told, as an inspiration. Ev'ry otherer tale of "Boy meets girl" is just an imitation. The greatest story has never been told before, but now, now it can be told. told.
Joel Hemphill, 1977 - Consider the Lillies.xml
Con sid er the lill ies they don't toil or spin and there's not a king with more splen dor than them con sid er the spar rows they don't plant or sow but they're fed by the Mas ter who wat ches them grow we have a heav en ly Fa ther a bove with eyes full of mer cy and a heart full of love He real ly cares when your head is bowed low con sider the lil l ies and then you will know we have a heav en ly Fa ther a bove with eyes full of mer cy and a heart full of love He real ly cares when your head is bowed low con sider the lil l ies and then you will know may I in tro duce you to this friend of mine who hangs out the stars tells the sun when to shine and kis ses the flow ers each morning with dew but He's not to bui sy to care a bout you we have a heav en ly Fa ther a bove with eyes full of mer cy and a heart full of love He real ly cares when your head is bowed low con sider the lil l ies and then you will know we have a heav en ly Fa ther a bove with eyes full of mer cy and a heart full of love He real ly cares when your head is bowed low con sider the lil l ies and then you will know
Jud Strunk - A Daisy A Day.xml.1
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Leo Robin and Ralph Rainger - Faithful Forever.xml
Faithful forever what ever I do, Remember I'm true, Remember that. Faithful forever and thankful for you, I'll keep smiling through, remember that. We may be apart now and then But I'll hold you in my heart, till you're in my arms again. Faithful forever I promise to be, so always have faith in me. me.
Jay Gorney, Sidney Clare - You're My Thrill.xml
You're my thrill, you do something to me you send chills right through me, When I look at you, "Cause you're my thrill. You're my thrill, how my pulse increases, I just go to pieces when I look at you, 'Cause you're my thrill. Hmmm Nothing seems to matter. Hmmm here's my heart on a silver platter, where's my will? Why this strange desire? That keeps mounting higher when I look at you I can't keep still. You're my thrill.
Roger Whittaker - Durham Town.xml
I've gotta leave old Durhamtown, I've gotta leave old Durham Town, I've gotta leave old Durham Town and that leavin's gonna get me down Back in nineteen fourty four I remember Daddywalkin' out the door Momma told me he was goin' to war, he was leavin' leavin' leavin' leavin' leav in' me Now
Jim Croce - Time in a Bottle.xml
If I could save time in a bottle the first thing that I'd like to do is to save evry day til eternity passes away just to spend time with you If I could make days last forever if dreams could make wishes come true I'd save ev ry day like a treas ure and then again I would spend them with you but there never seems to be enough time to do the things you want to do once you find them I've looked around enough to know that youre the one I want to go thru time with If I had a box just for wishes and dreams that had never come true the box would be empty except for the memry of how they were answered by you but there
Jule Styne, Leo Robin - You Say You Care.xml
You say you care, and all at once a million rosees pour their perfume on the air. You say you care, and you put words ro what the whippoorwills are singing ev'rywhere. How sweet, how strange, that all my lonliness should change into the lovliness we share. If you were there, no hill would be too high, and darling, I would even fly the sea, just to hear you say you care for me. me.
Paul McCartney, John Lennon - I Want To Hold Your Hand.xml
Oh yeh I'll tell you something I think you'll understand. When I say that something, I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold you hand. Oh please say to me you'll let me be your man. And please say to me you'll let me hold your hand. now let me hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. And when I touch you I fell happy in side. It's such a feeling that my love, I can't hide, I can't hide, I can't hide. Yeh you got that somethin', I think you'll understand When I say that something, I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna hold your hand.
Train - Hey soul sister.xml
Your lipstick stains on the front lobe of my left side brain I knew I woul dn't for get ya and so I went and let you blow my mind Your sweet moon beam The smell of you in every single dream I dream I knew when we colided you're the one I have de ci ded who's one of my kind Hey soul sister ain't that mister mister on the radio stereo the way you move ain't fair you know Hey soul sister I don't wanna miss a single thing you do tonight Hey Hey hey Just in time I'm so glad you have a one track mind like me You gave my life dire tion a game show love conecttion we can't deny I'm so ob sessesd my haert is bound to beat right out my untrimmed chest I believe in you like a virgin your madon na and I'm always gonna wanna blow your mind Hey soul sister ain't that mister mister on the radio stereo The way you move ain't fair you know Hey soul sister don't wanna miss a single thing you do to night Well you can cut a rug Watching you's th only drug I need So gang sta i'm so tug you're the only one I'm dreaming of you see I can be myself now fialy in fact there's nothing I can't be I want the world to see you be with with me Hey soul sister ain't that mister mister on the radio stereo The way you move ain't fair you know Hey soul sister I don't wanna miss a single thing you do to night Hey soul sister ain't that mister mister on the radio Stere o The way you move ain't fair you know Hey soul sister I don't wanna miss a single thing you do to night Hey Hey hey tonight Hey hey hey tonight
Hoagy Carmichael, Mitchel Parish - Stardust.xml
And now the purple dusk of twilight time, steals across the meadows of my heart High up in the sky the little stars climb, always reminding me that we're appart.You wandered down the lane and far away leav ing me a song that will not die Love is now the Star Dust of yesterdaythe music of the years gone by. Sometimes I wonder why I spend the lonely night dreaming of a song. The melody haunts my reverie, and I am once again with you, when our love was new, and each kiss an inspiration. But that was long ago, now my consola tion is in the Star Dust of a song. Beside a garden wall, when stars are bright, you are in my arms. The nightingale tells his fairy tale of para dise where roses grew. Though I dream in vain, in my heart it will remain my Stardust melo dy the memory of love's refrain. Sometimes I frain.
Words and Music by IRVING BERLIN - White Christmas.xml
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas, just like the ones I used to know. Where the treetops glisten and children listen to hear sleigh bells in the snow. I'm dreaming of a white Christmas, with ev'ry Christmas card I write: "May your days be merry and bright and may all your Christmases be white." white."
Antonio Carlos Jobim, Gene Lees (English) - Corcovado.xml
Quiet nights of Quiet stars, quiet chords from my guitar floating on the silence tha surrounds us, Quiet thoughts and quiet dreams, quiet walks by quiet streams, and a window looking on the mountains and the sea. How lovely! This is where I want to be. Here, with you so close to me, until the final flicker of life's ember. I, who was lost and lonely, believing life was only a bitter tragic joke, have found with you the meaning of existence, oh, my love.
Ernesto Lecuona, Francia Luban, Al Stillman - Para Vigo me voy (Say "Si Si").xml
In Spain they say "Si, Si." in France you'll hear "Oui, Oui,"ev'ry little Dutch girl says "Ya. Ya," ev'ry little Danish doll says "Da" But sweetheart tell me why, no matter how I try, you won't listen to my plea, won't say "Yes" in any language to me, when will you say "Si Si."
Dick Jennings, Hank Miles - Little Ol' Wine Drinker Me.xml
I'm prayrain in California so the grapes will grow and they can make more wine and I'm sit ting in a honkey in Chicago with a broken heart and woman on my mind I ask the man behind the bar for the juke box and the music takes me back to Tennessee and they ask who is the fool in the corner crying I say lit tle ol' wine drinker me. here last week from down in Nashville cos my baby left for Florida on a train I thought I'd get a job and just forget her but in Chicago a broken heart is still the same I ask the man behind the bar to play the jukebox and the music takes me back to Tennes se when they ask who is the fool in the corner crying I say a little ol wine drinker me.
Bob Thiele, George David Weiss - What A Wonderful World.xml.1
I see trees of green, red roses too, I see them bloom for me and you, and I think to myself What A Wonderful World. I see skies of blue and clouds of white, the bright blessedday, the dark sacred night, and I think to myself What A Wonderful World. The colors of the rainbow, so pretty in the sky are also on the faces of people goin' by, I see friends shakin' hands, sayin', "How do you do!" They're really sayin' "I Iove you," I hear babies cry I them grow. learn much more than I'll ever know, and I think to myself What A Won derful World. watch What A Won derful world I think to myself "oh" world
Irving Berlin - A Fella With An Umbrella.xml
I'm just a fella a fella with an umbrella looking for a gal who saves her love for a rainy day I'm just a fella a fella with an umbrella glad to see that skies of blue have turned into skies of grey Raindrops have brought us together and that's how I want to be Maybe a break in the weather will prove to be a break for me so I'll be the fellathe fella with an umbrella if you'll be the girl who saves her love for a rainy day.
Kay Swift, Paul James - Can't We Be Friends?.xml
I thought I found the man of my dreams. Now it seems this is how the story ends: He's goin' to turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends?" I thought for once it couldn't go wrong, Not for long! I can see the way this ends: He's goin' to turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends?" Nev er again! Through with love! Through with men! They play their game with out shame, and who's to blame? I thought I'd found a man I could trust, What a bust! this is how the story ends: He's goin' to turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends?" I thoufht I knew the wheat from the chaff What a laugh! this is how the story ends: I let him turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends?" I acted like a kid out of school, What a fool! Now I see the way this ends: I let him turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends? Why should I care, Though he gave me the air? Why should I cry, heave a sigh, and wonder why? I should have seen the signal to stop, What a flop! This is how the story ends: I let him turn me down and say, "Can't we be friends?"
Giorgio Moroder, Simon Napier-Bell, Vicki Wackham, Vito Pallavicini - You Don't Have To Say You Love Me.xml
When I said I needed you you said you would always stay it wasn't me who changed but you and now you've gone away. Don't you see that now you've gone and I'm left here on my own now I have to follow you, and beg you to come home. You don't have to say you love me just be close at hand. You don't have to say forever I will understand. Believe me, believe me. I can't help but love you but believe me I'll never let you down. Left alone with just a memmory life seems dead and quite unreal, all thats left is lonliness there's nothing left to feel. You don't have to say you love me just be close at hand. You don't have to say forever I will understand. Believe me believe me. You don't have to say you love me just be close at hand. You don't have to stay forever I will understand Believe me believe me, believe me!
B.G.De Sylva: Lew Brown and Ray Henderson - Sunny Side Up.xml
Keep your SUN NY SIDE UP UP Hide the sidethat gets blue. If you have nine sons in a row Baseball teams make money you know! Keep your funny side up up! Let your laughter come thru', do! Stand upon your legs, Be like two fried eggs Keep your SUNNY SIDE UP!
Kevin Cavanaugh - FANTASTIC CIRCLE.xml
What you give re turns twice ov er, what you share joy mul tip lies Let's move clo ser to this FAN TAST IC CIR CLE We won't dis cov er till we try As your eyes meet mine and we be gin, I'm re turned to a child by your muse Let's move clo ser to this FAN TAST IC CIR CLE Ven us left some heav en we can use. This is the way I love you This is the way You love me This is the way you love you This is the way I love me We won't dis cov er till we try
B.G.De Sylva, Joseph Meyer - If You Knew Susie.xml
If you knew Sussie like I know Susie Oh Oh oh what a girl theres none so classy as this fair lassie Oh Oh holy Moses what a chassis we went riding she didnt bald back from Yonkers I'm the one who had to walk If you knew Susie like I know Susie Oh oh what a girl. She wears long tresses and nice tight dresses OhOh what a future whe poses es out in public how she can yawn in a parlour you would think the war was on
Jack Judge - It's a Long Way to Tipperary.xml
It's a long way to Tipperary it's a long way to go It's a long way to Tipperary to the sweetest girl I know Goodbye Piccadilly farewell Leicester Square, it's a long long way to Tipperary but my heart's right there.
Traditional African American Spriritual - Swing Low Sweet Chariot.xml
Swing low sweet chariot, Comin' for to carry me home. Swing low, sweet chariot, Comin' for to carry me home. I look over Jordan and what did I see, Comin for to carry me home? A band of angels comin' after me, Comin' for to carry me home. Swing low sweet chari ot, Comin' for to carry me home. Swing low sweet chari ot, Comin' for to carry me home.
Charles Spivak, Sonny Burke, Sylvia Dee - Stardreams.xml
You come in stardreams to bring me our dreams and then we share a thrill again, again. You're mine in stardreams, as ev'ry star beams; our love is all your're thinking of. Once again the moon wanders past, you kiss me at last, and all of my cares take flight. Then you hold me close for awhile; I see your sweet smile. Two hearts beat as one tonight. But I lose my stardreams, they're gone as dawn beams. I sigh as stardreams say goodbye.
Kevin Cavanaugh - THIS FATHER'S DAY.xml
It was a park you gave to me the day that I ar rived Filled with rides, trees and smiles that watched me grow There were les sons to be learned and hon ors to be made My jour ney stops to pause and "THANK YOU" THIS FATH ER'S DAY A pho to graph of you and me in black and white Ed ges burn ished by the years with out a frame To day this im age that I keep grows full col or and com plete As I think of you THIS FATH ER'S DAY And in the blink of an eye we've rib boned thou sands miles a part Its seld om that we ride in the same car But on oc ca sion when we do the road's dir ec tion points the same as you once en cor aged me: "YOU WILL GO FAR" And I've gone far in shoes I knew that I could nev er fil as you tied mine man y times, I now bend to do the same You lent me roof You gave me life and send to you that "I've Been Blessed" THIS FATH ER'S DAY
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Blue Moon.xml
Blue moon, you saw me standing alone without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own. Blue moon, you knew just what I was there for. You heard me saying a pray'r for someone I really could care for. And then there suddenly appeared before me the only one my arms could ever hold. I heard somebody whisper, "Please adore me" and when I looked, the moon had turned to gold! Blue moon, now I'm no longer alone, without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - My Favorite Things.xml
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens. Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens, Brown paper packages tied up with string, These are a few of My Favorite Things. Cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels, Doorbells and sleighbells and schnitzel with noodles, Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings, Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes, Snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes, Silver white winters that melt into springs, These are a few of My Favorite Things. When the dog bites, When the bee stings, When I'm feeling sad, I simply remember My Favorite Things and then I don't feel so bad.
Anonymous - A-Hunting we will go.xml
Ahunting We Will Go! Ahunting We Will Go! We'll catch a fox and put him in a box! Ahunting We Will Go!
Bob Morrison, Patti Ryan, Wanda Mallette - Lookin' For Love.xml
well I've spent a lifetime lookin for you singlesbars and goodtime lovers were never true playin a fools game hopin to win tellin those sweet lies and losing a gain I was look in for love in all the wrong places lookin for love in too many faces searching their eyes lookin for traces of what I'm dreamin of Hopin to find a friend and a lover I'll bless the day I discover an other heart lookin for love you came aknockin at my hearts door youre evrything I been lookin for no more I was lookin for love in all the right places lookinfor love in too many faces searching their eyes looking for traces of what I'm dreamin of
Dr. Thomas A. Arne - Rule Britannia!.xml
When Britain first, at Heav'n's command, Arose from out the azure main, Arose, arose from out the azure main. This was the Charter, the Charter of the land, And guardian angels sang this strain: Rule, Britannia, Britannia rules the waves, For Britons never shall be slaves.  The Nations not so blest as Thee Must in their turns to tyrants fall, Must in, must in their turns to tyrants fall; While thous shalt flourish, shalt flourish great and free, The dread and envy of them all.
Marcos Valle, Ray Gilbert - The Face I Love.xml
Just think of things like daffodils, and peaceful sheep on clovered hills the morning song of whippoorwills and you'll see the face that I love. Think of any old sky getting ready to cry. Down comes the rain but it's raining confetti. Then think of things like far off isles, two blue green eyes and sunlit smiles, and in your hand a wishing star the one you thought too far above. Ev'ry lovely view introduces you to to the face I love.
Joe Melson, Roy Orbison - Blue Bayou.xml
I feel so bad I got a worried mind I'm so lonesome all the time since I left my baby behind on Blue Bayou. Saving nickles, saving dimes, working 'til the sun don't shine looking forward to happier times on Blue Bayou! I'm going back some day, come what may to Blue Bayou where you sleep all day and the catfish play on Blue Bay ou. All those fishing boats with their sails afloat if I could on ly see that familiarsunrise through sleepy eyes how happy I'd be. hurtin' inside I'll never be blue, my dreams come true on Blue Bayou
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - You'll Never Know.xml.3
You'll never know just how much I miss you. You'll never know just how mich I care. And if i tried, I still couldn't hide my love for you. You ought to know, for haven't I told you so a million or more times? You went away and my heart went with you. I speak your name in my every pray. If there is some other way to prove that I love you I swear I don't know how you'll never know if you don't know how.
Jerry Ross and Richard Adler - Rags To Riches.xml.1
I know I go from rags to riches if you would only say you care. And though my pockets may be empty, I'd be a millionaire. My clothes may still be torn and tattered, but in my heart I'd be a king. Your love is all that ever mattered; it's ev'rything. So open your arms and you'll open the door, to ev'ry treasure that I'm hoping for. Hold me and kiss me and tell me your'e mine evermore. Must I forever be a beggar, whose golden dreams will not come true? Or will I go from rags to riches? My fate is up to you.
attributed to Henrich Suso - Good Christian men rejoice.xml
Good Christian men rejoice with heart and soul and voice give ye heed to what we say news, news, Jesus Christ is born today Ox and ass before him bow and he is in the manger now, Christ is born today Christ is born to day
Joe Burke, Edgar Leslie - Moon Over Miami.xml
Moon over Miami, shine on my love and me, so we can stroll beside the roll of the rolling sea. Moon over Miami, shine on as we begin, a dream or two that may come true, when the tide comes in. Hark to the song of the smiling troubadours, hark to the throbbing guitars hear how the waves offer thunderous applause, after each song to the stars. Moon over Miami, you know we're waiting for, a little love, a little kiss, on Miami shore.
Frank Loesser - I Wish I Didn't Love You So.xml
I wish I didn't love you so. My love for you should have faded long ago. I wish I didn't need your kiss, why must your kiss torture me as long as this? I might be smiling by now with some new tender friend. Smiling by now with my heart on the mend, but when I try, something in my heart says "No," You're still there. I wish I dinn't love you so.
Jimmy Kennedy, Michael Carr - We're Going to Hang out the Washing on the Siegfried Line.xml
We're gonna hang out the washing on the Siegfried line have you any dirty washing mother dear? we're gonna hang out the washing on the Siegfried line cos the washing day is here Whether the weather may be wet or fine we'll just rub along without a care, we're gonna hang out the washing on the Siegfried line if the Siegfried line's still there
Fran Healy - Sing.xml
Baby, you've been goin' so crazy. Lately nothin' seems to be goin' right. Solo oh, why d'you have to get so low? You're so, you've been waitin' in the sun too long, but if you sing, sing, sing, sing, sing, for the love you bring won't mean a thing, unless you sing, sing, sing, Colder, cryin' over your shoulder. Hold her, tell her ev' ry thing's gonna be fine. Surely, you've been goin' too early, hurry 'cuz no one's gonna be stopped. Nanananana and if you sing, sing, sing, sing, sing, for the love you bring won't mean a thing, unless you sing, sing, sing, sing, sing, sing. Ooh! Baby, there's somthing goin' on today, but I say nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, So now, now, now, now, now if you sing sing sing, sing, for the love you bring won't mean a thing, unless you sing, sing, sing, sing, sing. Oh, baby sing, sing, sing, sing, sing, for the love you bring won't mean a thing, unless you sing, sing, sing,
Steve Allen - This Could Be The Start Of Something Big.xml
You're walking along the street or you're at a party, or else you're alone and then you suddenly dig, you're looking in someones eyes, you suddenly realize that this could be the start of something big. you're lunching at "Twenty One" and watching your diet, declining a Charlot Russe, accepting a fig, when out of the clear blue sky, it's sudden ly gal and guy. and this could be the start of something big. There's no controlling the unrolling of your fate my friend, who knows what's written in the magic book? But when a lover you discover at the gate my friend, invite her in without a second look. You're up in an aeroplane or dining at Sardi's, or lying at Malibu, alone on the sand, you suddenly hear a bell and right away you can tell that this could be the start of something grand. This could be the start of something, this could be the start of something fine!.
Bugs Bower, Earl Shuman - Caterina.xml
Caterina oh ho ho (echo,oh ho ho) when we kiss pretty miss pretty miss I'm in ecsta cy Caterina oh ho ho ho (echooh ho ho ho) but when we kiss pretty miss pretty miss are you thinking of me? Caterina ah ha ha (echo,ah ha ha) just how long is the list is the list of the lips you've kissed Oh how happy my heart would be if I knew that you love just me say its true say you do Caterina Cater in a
Fred Markush, Fritz Rotter, Mitchell Parrish - Take Me In Your Arms.xml
Take me in your arms before you take your love away take me in your arms before we part let me thrill again to your caress of yesterday let me fill again my hungry heart one hour of gladness that we knew in the past one moments madness altho it be the last hold me fast! blind me with your charms with all the stardust in the sky take me in your arms and then goodbye.
Gordon Jenkins - How Old Am I?.xml
How old am I? I'm old enough to know the diffrence between infatu ation and a love that has a chance to grow. How old am I? I'm not too old to hear the sweet ring of truth and under
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - All My Tomorrows.xml
Today I may not have a thing at all, except for just a dream or two. But I've got lots of plans for tomorrow, and all my tomorrows belong to you. Right now it may not seem like spring at all, We're drifting and the laughs are few. But I've got rainbows planned for tomorrow, and all my tomorrows belong to you. No one knows better than I that luck keeps passing me by, that's fate! But with you there at my side, I'll soon be turning the tide, just wait! As long as I've got arms that cling at all, it's you that I'll be clinging to. And all the dreams I dream, beg, or borrow, on some bright tomorrow they'll all come true, and all my bright tomorrows belong to you. you. all my bright tomorrows belong to you.
Buddy Kaye, Ted Mossman - Full Moon And Empty Arms.xml
Full moon and empty arms The moon is there for us to share but where are you? A night like this could weave a memory And ev'ry kiss could start a dream for two. Full moon and empty arms Tonight I'll use the magic moon to wish upon. And next full moon, if my one wish comes true my empty arms will be filled with you. you.
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man.xml
Fish got to swim and birds got to fly I got to love one man till I die Can't help lov in' dat man of mine. Tell me he's la zy tell me he's slow, tell me I'm cra zy may be I know, Can't help lov in' dat man of mine. When he goes a way dat's a rainy day, and when he comes back dat day is fine, the sun will shine He can come home as late as can be, home without him aint no home to me, Can't help lovin' dat man of mine.
Leom Caerts, Edie Seago , Leo Rozenstaeten - Y Viva Espana.xml
All the ladies fell for Rudolph Valenti no he had a beano back in those balmydays he knew evry time you meet and iicy creature you've got to teach her hot blooded latinways but even Rudy would have felt the strain of making smooth advances in the rain Oh this year I'm off to sunny Spain Y Viva Espana I'm taking the Costa Brava plane Y Viva Espana if you'd like to chat a mata dor in some cool cabana and meet senoritas by the score Espana por favor Es pana porfa vor.
Mabel Wayne, Kim Gannon - I Understand.xml
I understand, and darling you are not to blame, If when we kiss it's not the same, I un derstand. It's not your fault because your heart has changed it's mind, You didn't mean to be unkind, I understand. Forgetting you will be far from easy, I've grown so used to your charms, I'll miss that old thrill and no one can fill the place here in my arms. But if you find our love was really meant to be, Then darling hurry back to me, and I'll understand.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Alone.xml
Alone alone with a sky of romance above alone alone on a night that was meant for love There must be someone waiting who feels the way I do Whoever you are are you are you Alone alone on this night that we two could share Alone alone with your kiss that could make me care And when you come I promise to be your very own Alone alone with a heart meant for you alone
Al Dubin, Dave Franklin - The Anniversary Waltz.xml
We just discovered each other tonight when the lights were low one dance led up to another and now I cant let you go so Tell me I may always dance the anniversary waltz with you tell me this is real romance an anniversary dream come true let this be the anthem to our future years to millions of smiles and a few little tears May I always listen to the anniversary waltz with you you.
Fred Parris - (I Remember) In the Still of the Night.xml
Shoo doot 'n' shoobee doo, shoo doot 'n' shoobee doo, shoo doot 'n' shoobee doo, shoo doot 'n' shoobee whoa, In the still of the night I held you, held you tight 'cause I love love you so, promise I'll never let you go, in the still of the night. I remember that night in May, the stars were bright above. Well I'll hope and I'll pray to keep your precious love. So, before the light hold me again dear with all of your might, in the still of the night.
Lee Hazlewood - These Boots Are Made for Walkin'.xml
You keep sayin' you got somethin' for me, somethin' you call love but confess. You been messin' where you shouldn't been messin', and now someone else is gettin' all your best. These Boots Are Made For Walkin', 'n' that's just what they'll do one of these days, these boots are gonna walk all over you You keep lyin'_ when you oughta be "truthin','' you keep losin' when ought-a not bet. You keep "samein"' when you oughta be changin', now what's right is right, but you ain't been right yet.
B G DeSylva, Lew Brown, Ray Henderson and Al Jolson - Sonny Boy.xml
Climb upon my knee sonny boy Though you're only three sonny boy You've no way of knowing There's no way of showing What you mean to me sonny boy When there are grey skies I don't mind the grey skies You make them blue sonny boy Friends may forsake me Let them all forsake me I still have you sonny boy You're sent from heaven and I know your worth You made a heaven for me right here on earth When I'm old and grey dear promise you won't stray dear For I love you so sonny boy
Barry McGuire, Randy Sparks - Green Green.xml
Green green its green they say on the far side of the hill green green I'm goin away to where the grass is greener still Oh well I told my mama on the day I was born doncha cry when you see I;m gone you know there aint no woman gonna settle me down I just gotta be travelling on A singin hear me cryin its,a Evrybody now green grass its green they say on the far side of the hill green green I'm goin a way to where the grass in greener still to where the grass is greener still.
R Van Le euwen - Venus.xml
A godness on a mountain top Was burning like a silver flame, summit of beauty & love, & Venus was her name. She's got it, Yeah, baby, she's got it. Well, you're my Venus, & I'm your fire at your desire. Well,
White Stripes - YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT LOVE IS.xml
You don't know what love is whoo hoo hooIn some re spects I sus pect you've got a re spect ab le side When pushed and pulled and pres sured you seld dom run and hide but its for some one else 's ben e fit Not for what you wan na do. Un til Ire al ize that you've re al ized: I'm gon na say these words to you. YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT LOVE IS YOU JUST DO AS YOU'RE TOLD Just as a child of ten would act You're far too old You're not hope less or help less an I hate to sound cold But YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT LOVE IS: You just do as you're told You don't know what love is whoo hoo hoosee your man can't help but win AN Y prob lems may a rise. But in his mind there can be no sin if YOU nev er crit i cize You just keep on re peat ing al those emp ty "I LOVE YOUS" Un til you say that you de serve bet ter I'm gon na lay right in to you
Hans Carste, Albert Gamse, Ralph Maria Siegel  - Evening Bells .xml
Ding dong ding dong, at close of day We hear the EVENING BELLS from far away. "Your love must live eternally" So say the EVENING BELLS to you and me. And as we hear the timeless mussic, that seems to come from high above We pledge our love to last as long, as long as EVENING BELLS will ring their song. Ding Dong Ding Dong Dong Ding dong ding Dong
Ned Washington & Dimitri Tiomkin - Rawhide.xml
Rollin' Rollin' Rollin"Roll in' Roll in' Roll in' Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' RawHide Keep Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' Though the streams are swollen Keep them dogies rolling Rawhide Through rain and wind and weather, Hell bent for leather, Wishing my girl is by my side, All the things I'm missing, Good fiddles love and kissing, Are waiting at the end of my ride. Move 'em on, head 'em up, Head 'em up, move 'em on Move 'em on, head 'em up, Rawhide Cut 'em out, ride 'em in, Ride 'em in, let 'em out, Cut 'em out, ride 'em in, Rawhide Keep Movin' Movin' Movin' Though they're disapprovin' Keep them dogies moving Rawhide. Don't try to understand 'em, Just rope 'em throw and brand 'em Soon we'll be livin' high and wide, My heart's calculating, My true love will be waiting, Be waiting at the end of my ride. out. Ride 'em in Rawhide.
Henry E. Pether, Fred W. Leigh - Waiting At The Church.xml
I'm in a nice bit of trouble, I confess, Somebody with me has had a game, I should by now be a proud and happy bride, But I've still got to keep my single name. I was proposed to by Obadiah Binks, In a very gentle manly way, Lent him all my money so that he could buy the home, And punctually at twelve o' clock today. There was I waiting at the church, waiting at the church waiting at the church, When I found he'd left me in the lurch, Lor' how it did upset me! All at once he sent me round a note, Here's the very note, This is what he wrote, Can't get away to marry you today My wife won't let me! Lor', what a fuss Obadiah made of me, When he used to take me in the park! He used to squeeze me till I was black and blue, When he kissed me he used to leave a mark. Each time he met me he treated me to wine, Took me now and then to see the play; Understand me rightly, when I say he treated me, It wasn't him but me that used to pay. let me.
George Beverly Shea - I'd Rather Have Jesus.xml
I'd ra ther have Je sus than sil ver or gold I'd ra ther have Him than have rich es un told I'd ra ther have Je sus than hous es or lands I'd ra ther be led by His nail scarred hand than to be the king of a vast do main and be held in sins dread sway I'd ra ther have Je sus than an y thing this world a fords to day I'd ra ther have Je sus than men's a plause I'd ra ther be faith ful to His dear cause I'd ra ther have Je sus than world wide fame I'd ra ther be true to His ho ly name than to be the king of a vast do main and be held in sins dread sway I'd ra ther have Je sus than an y thing this world a fords to day He's fair er than lil lies of rar est bloom He's swe eter than hon ey from out the comb He's all that my hun ger ing spir it needs I'd ra ther have Jesus and let him lead than to be the king of a vast do main and be held in sins dread sway I'd ra ther have Je sus than an y thing this world a fords to day
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Hello, Goodbye.xml
You say yes I say no You say stop and I say go go go oh no you say goodbye and I say hello hello, hello, I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello hello hello I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - Boulevard Of Broken Dreams.xml
I walk along the street of sorrow, The boulevard of broken dreams, Where gigolo and gigolette can take a kiss without regret, So they forget their broken dreams. You laugh tonight and cry tomorrow, When you behold your shattered schemes, And gigolo and gigolette, wake up to find their eyes are wet, With tears that tell of broken Here is where you'll always find me, Always walking up and down, But I left my soul behind me, In an old cathedral town, The joy that you find here you borrow, You cannot keep it long it seems, But gigolo and gigolette still sing a song and dance along The boulevard of broken dreams. dreams dreams.
Neil Moret, Richard A. Whiting - She's Funny That Way.xml
I'm not much to look at, nothin' to see, just glad I'm livin' and lucky to be, I got a woman crazy for me, She's funny that way. I can't save a dollar, ain't worth a cent, she doesn't holer, she'd live in a tent, I got a woman crazy for me, She's funny that way. Tho' she loves to work and slave for me ev'ry day, she'd be so much better off if I went away but, why should I leave her, Why should I go she'd be unhappy with out me I know, I got a woman crazy for me, She's funny that way. I never had nothin', no one to care, that's why I seem to have more than my share, I got a woman crazy for me, she's funny that way. When I hurt her feelings, once in a while, her only answer is one little smile, I got a woman crazy for me, She's funny that way. I can see no other way and no better plan, end it all and let her go to some better man; but I'm only human, coward at best, I'm more than certain she'd follow me west, I got a woman crazy for me, She's funny that way.
Gino Paoli, Alec Wilder - Senza Fine.xml
Senza Fine, Let it always be Senza Fine. There's no end to our love, our hopes, our dreams, our sighs, No end at all, no sad goodbyes. No fears, no tears, no love that dies. It's Senza Fine, Let it alway be Senza Fine. Never ending the sunlit days, the moonlit nights. The sea, the sand, the starry heights are yours and mine for ever. All we are and all we know is love and love alone, and so the world may spin it's weary way, it's lonely night and lonely day, while we go floating far above in never ending timeless love. Senza Fine, La la la la la Senza Fine, La la la la la La la.
Lester Lee, Ned Washington - The Man From Laramie.xml
The man from Laramie he was a man with a peaceful turn of mind he was kind of sociable and friendly Friendly as any man could be but you never saw a man outdraw the man from Laramie the man from Laramie he was a man with a warm and gentle heart but when they'd start the arguin and fightin Frightnin and lightnin fast was he there was no cayoot who could outshoot the man from Laramie he had a flair for la dies the ladies loved his air of mystery the west will never see a man with so many notches on his gun evryone admired the fearless stran ger danger was this mans specialty so they never bossed or double crossed the man from Laramie. The man from
George Evans, Ren Shields - In The Good Old Summertime.xml
In the good old summertime in the good old summertime strolling thru' the shady lanes with your baby mine you hold her hand and she holds yours and thats a very good sign that she's your tootsie wootsie in the good old summer time.
Marc London, Don Black - To Sir, with love.xml
Those school girl days of telling tales and biting nails are gone but in my mind I know they will still live on and on but how do you thank someone who has taken you from crayons to perfume? it isn't easy but I'll try if you wanted the sky I would write across the sky in let ters that would soar a thousand feet high to sir with love. Those awkward years have hurried by why did they fly away? why is it sir, children grow up to be people some day? but what takes the place of climbing up trees and dirty knees outside? what is there for you I could buy? if you wanted the world I'd surround it with a wall and these words I'd scrawl ten feet tall to sir with love.
John Barry, Anthony Newly, Leskie Bricusse - Goldfinger.xml
Goldfinger he's the man, the man with the Midas touch, a spider's touch. Such a cold finger beckons you to enter his web of sin but don't go in. Golden words he will pour in your ear, but his lies can't disguise what you fear. For a golden girl knows when he's kissed her. It's the kiss of death from Mister Goldfinger Pretty girl, beware of this heart of gold. This heart is cold. Golden cold. He loves only gold, Only gold. He loves gold. He loves only gold, Only gold. He loves gold.
Frank Loesser - Slow Boat To China.xml
I'd like to get you on a slow boat to China all to myself alone get you and keep you in my arms evermore. Leave all your lovers weeping on the faraway shore Out on the briny with a moon big and shinymelting your heart of stone I'd love to get you on a slow boat to China all to myself alone
Frank Loesser - If I Were a Bell.xml
Ask me how do I feel Ask me now that we're cosy and clinging Well sir, all I can say, is if I were a bell I'd be ringing! From the moment We kissed tonight That's the way I've just gotta behave Boy, if I were a lamp I'd light And If I were a banner I'd wave! Ask me how do I feel, little me with my quiet upbringing Well Sir All I can say is if I were a gate I'd be swinging And if I were a watch I'd start popping my Or if I were a bell I'd go ding dong, ding dong ding! Ask me how do I feel from this chemisttry lesson I'm learning Well sir, all I can say is if I were a bridge I'd be burning! Yes, I knew my moral would crack From the wonderful way that you looked! Boy, if I were a duck I'd quack! Or if I were a goose I'd be cooked! Ask Me how do I feel, ask me now that we're fondly Caressing Well, if I were a salad I know I'd be splashing my dressing Or if I were a season I'd surely be spring, ding.
David Foster, Carole Bayer Sager - Looking Through Your Eyes.xml
Look at the sky tell me what do you see. Just close your eyes and describe it to me. The heavens are sparkling with starlight tonight. That's what I see thru your eyes. I see the heavens each time that you smile. I hear your heart beat just go on for miles. And suddenly I know why life Is worthwhile. That's what I see thru your eyes. Here in the night I see the sun. Here in the dark, our two hearts are one. It's out of our hands, we can't stop what we have begun. And love just took me by sur prise. look ing thru your eyes. I look at myself and instead I see us. Where ever I am now it feels like enough. And I see a girl who is learning to trust. That's who I see thru your eyes. ͜ looking thru your eyes. And there are somethings we don't know, some times a heart just needs to go. And there is so much that I remember, underneath the open sky with you forever. Here in the night, I see the sun. Here in the dark, our two hearts are one. It's out of our hands, we can't stop what we have begun. And love just took me by sur prise looking thru your eyes. Looking thru your eyes.
Hugh Williams, Jimmy Kennedy - Harbor Lights.xml
I saw the harbor lights they only told me we were parting the same old harbor lights that once brought you to me I watched the harbor lights how could I help if tears were starting goodbye to tender nights beside the wilv'ry sea I longed to hold you near and kiss you just once more but you were on the ship and I was on the shore now I know lonely nights for all the while my heart is whsp'ring some other harbor lights will steal your love from me.
Brian Wilson, Tony Asher, Mike Love - Wouldn't It Be Nice.xml
Wouldn't it be nice if we were older then we wouldnt have to wait so long and wouldn't it be nice to live together in the kind of world where we'd belong though its gonna make it that much better when we can say goodnight and stay to gether wouldn't it be nice if we could wake up in the morning when the day is new and after that to spend the day together hold each other close the whole night through happy times together we'd been spending I wish that evry kiss was never ending.oh wouldn't it be nice Well maybe if we think and wish and hope and pray it might come true we could be married and then we'd be happy oh wouldnt it be nice wouldn't it be nice if we were older then we wouldn't have to wait so long and wouldn't it be nice to live together in the kind of world where we'd belong wouldn't it be
Lao Silesu, Adrian Ross - Love, Here Is My Heart.xml
....I have gather'd my heart as a rose, As a rose from the midsummer garden; And my love at the heart of it glows, And its breath is a pray'r for your pardon! Love here is my heart, One rose that I bear; Yours if you keep it today, Yours if you throw it away! Whether you now tear it apart Or choose it to wear Something to kiss or to kill, As you will, Here is my heart.....I have spoken my heart in a song, In a song of the nightingale's trilling, For she sang to me all the night long, Till my heart with her passion was thrilling! Love, here is my heart, One tender refrain; Yours if you echo the tune, Yours if you tire of it soon Whether you laugh, as you depart, Or hear it again Something to listen to yet, Or forget, Here is my heart.
Rube Bloom, Harry Ruby - Give Me the Simple Life.xml
I dont believe in frettin and grievin Why mess arround with strife? I never was cut out to step and stru out Give me the simple life. Some find it pleasant dining on pheasant Those things roll off my knife. Just serve me tomatoes and mashed potatoes. Give me the simple life. A cottage small is all I'm after, Not one thats spacious and wide. A house that rings with joy and laughter And the ones you love inside Some like the high road, I like the low road, Free from the care and strife. Sounds corny and seedy, but yes indeed y; Give me the simple Give me the simple Give me the simple life
mozart - Penny Lane.xml
PennyLane there is a barber showing photographs of evry head he's had the pleasure to know and all the people that come and go stop and say hello On the corner is a banker with a motor car the little children laugh at him behind his back and the bank er never wears a "mac" in the pour ing rain very strange! Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes wet beneath the blue suburban skies I sit and meanwhile back in ny shelter in the middle of the roundabout a pretty nurse is selling poppies from a tray and tho' she feels as ifshe's in a play she is an yway, Penny Lane there is a fireman with an hour glass and in his pocket is a portrait of the queen he likes to keep his fire engine clean it's a clean machine Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes full of fish and finger pies in summer meanwhile back Penny Lane is in my ears and in my eyes wet beneath the blue suburban skies
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - Can I Forget You, Or Will My Heart Remind Me?.xml
Can I forget you/ or will my heart remind me that once we walked in a moonlit dream/ can I forget you or will my heart remind me how sweet you make the moonlight seem will the glory of your nearness fade, as moonlight fades in a veil of rain/ can I forget you when ev'ry night reminds me how much I want you back again. Can gain
Gerry Goffin and Carole King - Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow (Transcribed).xml
Tonight you're mine completely. You give your love so sweetly. Tonight the light of love is in your eyes, but will you love me tomorrow? Is this a lasting treasure or just a moment's pleasure. Can I believe the magic of your sighs? Will you still love me tomorrow? Tonight with words unspoken, you said that I'm the only one. But will my heart be broken when the night meets the morning sun? I'd like to know that your love is a love I can be sure of. So tell me now and I won't ask again. Will you still love me tomorrow? So tell me now and I won't ask  again. Will you still love me tomorrow? Will you still love me tomorrow? Will you still love me tomorrow?
Sidney Clare, Lew Pollack, Harry Richman - Miss Annabelle Lee.xml
Who's won derful who's marvellous Miss Ann abelle Lee who's kiss able who's lovable Miss Ann ebelle Lee aint she a pretty ba by what would you give escort in her support ing her dont forget that shes exclusive Who's dig nified who's glor ified Miss Ann abelle Lee what makes em fall see so
Traditional - He Paid A Debt.xml
He paid a debt He did not owe I owed a debt I could not pay I need ed some one to wash my sins a way and now I sing a brand new song a maz ing grace all day long Christ Je sus paid the debt I that I could never pay He paid that debt on Cal va ry He cleansed my soul and set me free I'm glad that Je sus did all my sins er ase and now I sing a brand new song a maz ing grace all day long Christ Je sus paid the debt I that I could never pay
Antonin Dvorak, William Arms Fisher - Largo  (Going Home).xml.1
Goinghome going home I'm just going home quiet like slip away I'll be going home It's not far, just close by Jesus is the door work all done, laid aside fear and grief no more Friends are there waiting now He is waiting too see his hand, see his smile, he will lead me through
Ralph Rainger, Leo Robin - With Every Breath I Take.xml
I think of you with ev'ry breath I take, and ev'ry breath becomes a sigh, not a sigh of dispair, but a sigh that I care for you. I hear your name with ev'ry breath I take, on ev'ry breeze that wanders by and your name is a song I'll remember the long years through. Even tho' I walk alone, you guide me. In the darkness you light my way, and all the while inside me love seems to say: "Someday, someday!" And when I sleep you keep my heart awake, but when I wake from dreams divine ev'ry breath that I take is a pray'r that I'll make you mine.
John W. Peterson 1961 - Heaven Came Down.xml
Oh what a won der ful won der ful day Day I will nev er for get Af ter I wan dered in dark ness a way Je sus my Sav ior I met Oh what I ten der com pas sion ate friend He met the needs of my heart Shad dows dis spel ling with joy I am tel ling He made all my dark ness de part Heav en came down and glo ry filled my soul When at the cross my Sav ior made me whole My sins were washed a way and my night was turned to day Heav en came down and glo ry filled my soul
C.Carson Parks - Somethin' Stupid.xml
I know I stand in line until you think you have the time to spend an evenin' with me and if we go some place to dance I know that there's a chance you won't be leavin with me then afterwards we drop into a quiet little place and have a drink or two and then I go and spoil it all by sayin somethin stupid like I love you I can see it in your eyes that you despise the same old lines you heard the night before and though its just a line to you for me its true and never seemed so right before I love you
David Gates - Baby I'm-A Want You.xml
Baby I'm a want you. Baby I'm aneed you. You're the only one I care enough to hurt about Maybe I'm a crazy, but I just can't live without your lovein' and affection, givin' me direction like a guiding light to help me through my darkest hour. Lately I'm a prayin' that you'll always be astayin' beside me used to be my life was just emotions passing by Feeling all the while and never really knowing why. Lately I'm a prayin' that you'll always be a stayin beside me Used to be my life was just emotions passing by Then you came along and made me laugh and made me cry. You taught me why. Baby I'm awant you, Baby I'm aneed you. Oh, it took so long to find you baby, baby I'm a want you Baby, I'm a need you.
Michael Legrand, Norman Gimbel - I Will Wait For You.xml
If it takes forever I will wait for you, for a thousand summers I will wait for you, "Till you're back beside me till I'm holding you, 'till I hear you sigh here in my arms. Any where you wander any where you go, ev'ry day remember how I love you so, in your heart believe what in my heart I know, that forever more I'll wait for you. The
Ira Schuster, Little Jack Little, Dave Oppenheim - Hold Me.xml
When you're near me I feel so romantic. When you're far away I'm always blue. If you want me to remain romantic, here are all the things you'll have to do. Hold me, honey wont you hold me. Hold me, never let me go. Take me, honey won't you take me. Never to fosake me, 'Cause I love you so. Thrill, me, let your kisses thrill me, Just like, you alone can do. Hold me, tnederly enfold me, Never try to hold me, from you. you.
Andy Razaf and Paul Denniker - S'posin'.xml
S'posin I should fall in love with you, do you think that you could love me too. S'posin' I should hold you and caress you would it impress you or distress you, s'posin' I should say for you I yearn, would you think I'm speaking out of turn. and s'posin' I'd declare it, would you take my love and share it, I'm not s'posin', I'm in love with you
Victor Schertzinger, Gus Kahn - One Night Of Love.xml
Though my heart may be lonely I find romance in my dreams While I am wait ing for only 0ne night of love one starlit night of love. One night of love, When two hearts are one. A night to have and hold, When love is gone and starlight grows cold. One night of love, When love is all that I'll recall, When at the break of dawn, I find my lover gone, I'll whisper with a smile, I've lived a little while, I've known one night of love.
Thomas Waller, Harry  Brooks, Andy Razaf - Ain't  Misbehavin'.xml
No one to talk with, all by myself, No one to walk with, but I'm happy on the shelf, Ain't misbehavin' I'm savin' my love for you you Like Jack Horner in the corner don't go nowhere, what do I care, Your kisses are worth waitin' for, believe me I don't stay out late, don't care to go, I'm home about eight, just me and my radio Ain't misbehavin' I'm savin' my love for you.
Sammy Fain, Paul Francis Webster - April Love.xml
Has anybody here seen April dressed in her gown of green? she walks in a world of enchantment where no one ever grows much older than seventeen April love is for the very young evry stars a wishing star that shines for you April love is all the seven wonders One little kiss can tell you this is true Sometimes an April day will suddenly bring showers rain to grow the flowers for her first bouquet but April love can slip right thru your fingers so if she's the one don't let her run away way.
James V. Monaco, Mack Gordon - I'm Making Believe.xml
I'm making believe that your in my arms Tho' I know you're so far away, Making be lieve I'm talking to you, Wish you could hear what I say And here in the goom of my lonely room We'redancing like we used to do. Making believe is just another way of dreaming, So till my dreams come true, I'll whisper goodnight, Turn out the light, and kiss my pillow Making believe it's you. I'm you.
Barry Gibb, Maurice Gibb, Robin Gibb - Islands In The Stream.xml
Babywhen I met you there was peace unknown I set out to get you with a fine tooth comb I was soft inside there was something goin' on but you do something to me that I can't explain hold me closer and I feel no pain Evry beat of my heart we got something goin on Tender love is blind it required a dedication all this love we feel needs no conversation we ride it together ahah making love with each other ah ha Islands in the stream that is what we are noone in between noone in between how can we be wrong? sail away with me to another world and we rely on each other ah ah from one lover to another ah ah I can't live without you if the love was gone evrything is nothing if you got nooneand you did walk inthe night slowly losin' sight of the real thing that wont hap pen to us and we got no doubt too deep in love and we got no way out and the message is clear this could be the year forthe real thing No more will you cry Baby I will hurt you never we start and end as one in love forever we can ah Isands in the stream that is what we are noone in between how can we be wrong? sail away with me to another world and we rely on each other ha hah from one lover to another ha hah islands in
Unknown - Everybody Ought to Go to Sunday School.xml
Ev ery bo dy ought to go to sun day school sun day school sun day school the boys and the girls and the moms and the dads ev ery bo dy ought to go to sun day school ev ery bo dy ought to know the gol den rule gol den rule gol den rule the boys and the girls and the moms and the dads. ev ery bo dy ought to know the gol den rule Ev ery bo dy ought to go to sun day school sun day school sun day school the boys and the girls and the moms and the dads ev ery bo dy ought to go to sun day school
traditional American folk tune, traditional American - Man Of Constant Sorrow.xml
I am a man of constant sorrow I've seen trou ble all my days I bid farewell to ol' Kentucky The place where I was born and raised.
Cole  Porter - Begin The Beguine.xml
When they begin the beguine, it brings back the sound of music so tender, it brings back a night, of tropical splendor. It brings back a memory ever green. I'm with you once more under the stars, and down by the shore an orchestra playing and even the palms seem to be swaying when they begin the beguine. To live it again is past all endevour, except when that tune clutches your heart, and there we are, swearing to love forever, and promis ing never never to part. What moments divine, what rapture serene till clouds came along to disperse the joys we had tasted, and now when I hear people curse the chance that was wasted I know but too well what they mean; so don't let them begin the beguine, let the love that was once afire remain an ember; let it sleep like the dead desire I only remember, when they begin the beguine. Oh yes, let them begin the beguine, make them play, till the stars that were there before return above you, till you whisper to me once more, "Darling, I love you!" and we suddenly know what heaven we're in when they begin the beguine when they begin the be
Tschaikovski - None But The Lonely Heart.xml
None but the lonely heart can know my sadness, alone and parted far from joy and gladness. (PIANO  SOLO) Heav'n's boundless arch I see spread out a     b o v  e me. Oh, what a distance dear to one who loves me! None but the lonely heart can know my sadness alone and parted far from joy and gladness, alone and parted far from joy and gladness. My senses fail, a burning fire devours me. None but the lonely heart can know my sadness
Bjorn Ulvaeus, Benny Andersson, Tim Rice - I Know Him So Well.xml
Nothing is so good it lasts eternally Perfect situations must go wrong but this have never yet prevented me wanting far too much for far too long Looking back I could have played it diff'rently Won a few more moments who can tell but it took time to under stand men now at least I know I know him well wasnt it good wasnt he fine isnt it madness he cant be mine But in the end he needs a little bit more than me more securiity he needs fan tasy and freedom I know him so well.
Dub Williams, Eddie Miller, Robert Yount - Release Me.xml
Please re lease me let me go for I dont love you any more to waste our lives would be a sin Release me and let me love again I have found a new love, dear and I will always want her near her lips are warm while yours are cold release me. my darling let me go
Mandarin Folk Song, Old Chinese Folk Song - Yue Liang Da Biao De Xing.xml
Ni wen wo ai ni you duo shen wo ai ni you ji fen wo de qing ye zhen wo de ai ye shen yue liang dai biao wo de xing ni wen wo ai ni you duo shen wo ai ni you ji fen wo de xing bu ye wo de ai bu bian yue liang dai biao wo de xin qing qing de yi ge wen yi jing da dong wo de xin shen shen de yi duan qing jiao wo si nian dao ru jin ni wen wo ai ni you duo shen wo ai ni you ji fen ni qu xiang yi xiang ni qu kan yi kan yue liang dai biao wo de xin
Merle Travis - Sixteen Tons.xml
Some people say a man is made out of mud, A poor man's made out of muscle and blood. Muscle and blood and skin and bones, A mind that's weak and a back that's strong. You load sixteen tons and what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt, Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go, I owe my soul to the company store. 2 I was born one mor-nin' when the sun didn't shine, I I picked up my sho-vel and I walked to the mine.  I load-ed sixteen tons of num-ber nine coal, And the straw boss said, Well, abless my soul. You load
Bob Merrill - She Wears Red Feathers.xml
She wear red feathers and a huly huly skirt she wears red feathers and a huly huly skirt she lives on just cocco nuts and fish from the sea a rose in her hair, a gleam in her eyes and love in her heart for me (1)I worked in a London bank respectable position from nine to three they serve you tea, but ruin your disposiition each night in the music hall travelogs I'd see and once the pearl of a native girls kept smiling right at me she
Arthur Altman, Jack Lawrence - All Or Nothing At All.xml
AII, or nothing at all; Half a love never appealed to me. If your heart never could yield to me, Then I'd rather have nothing at all! AIl or nothing at all! If it's love, there is no inbetween. Why begin, then cry for something that might have been. No, I'd rather have nothing at all. But, please, don't bring your lips so close to my cheek. Don't smile, or I'll be lost beyond recall. The kiss in your eyes, the touch of your hand makes me weak; And my heart may grow dizzy and fall. And if I fell under the spell of your call, I would be caught in the undertow. So, you see, I've got to say: No! No! All or nothing at all!
Laurent Herpin, Harold Rome - All of a Sudden My Heart Sings (Key of C).xml
The secret way you hold my hand to let me know you understand, the wind and rain upon your face, the breathless world of your embrace, your little laugh and halfsurprise, the starlight gleaming in your eyes, remem b'ring all those little things all of a sudden my heart sings. All of a sudden my heart sings when I remember little things. The way you dance and hold me tight, the way you kiss and say "Good Night", the crazy things we'd say and do, the fun it is to be with you, the magic thrill that's in your touch, oh, darling I love you so much! The secret way you hold my hand, to let me know you understand, the wind and rain upon your face, the breathless world of your embrace, your little laugh and halfsurprise, the starlight gleaming in your eyes, rememb'ring all those things, all of a sudden my heart sings.
Zombies - Time of the Season.xml
It's the time of the season, when your love runs high In this time give it to me easy, And let me try with pleasur'd hands to take you in the sun, To promised lands to show you ev'ery one. It' the Time of the season for loving. What's your name? Who's your daddy? Is he rich like me Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live? Tell it to me slowly, tell you why, I really want to know, It's the Time of the season for loving.
Dan Kay, Kelly Gordon - That's Life.xml
That's life, That's what people say You're rid'in high in April, shot down in May. But I know I'm gon'na change that tune, when I'm back on top in June, That's Life, funny as it seems some people get their kicks step'pin on dreams, But I don't let it get me down, 'cause this ol' world keeps going around. I've been a pupet, a pauper ,a pirate, a poet, a pawn, and a king. I've been up and down and over and out and I know one thing: each time I find myself flat on my face I pick myself up and get back in the race That's Life I can't deny it, I thought of quit ting but my heart just won't buy it. If I didn't think it was worth a try I'd jump right up on a big bird and then I'd fly. I've been a But if there's nothing shakin' this JulyI'm gonna roll myself up in a big ball and
Richard A. Whiting, Leo Robin - Louise.xml
Ev'ry little breeze seems to whisper "Louise." Birds in the trees seem to twitter "Louise." Each little rose tells me it knows I love you, love you. Ev'ry little beat that I feel in my heart, seems to repeat what I felt at the start. Each little sigh tells me that I adore you, Louise. Just to see and hear you brings joy I never knew. But to be so near you thrills me through and though. Any one can see why I wanted your kiss, it had to be but the wonder is this: Can't it be true someone like you could love me, Louise?
Lonnie Donegan - I'll never fall in love again.xml
I've been in love so many times. I thought I knew the score But now you've treated me so wrong I can't take anymore & it looks like I'm never gonna fall in love again Fall in love, I'm never gonna fall in love I mean it Fall in love again All those things I heard about you I thought were only lies But when I caught you in his arms I just broke down & cried gain.
Chris Daughtry, Joey Barnes - Call Your Name.xml
You never said, you never said you never said that it would be this hard.Love is meant to be forever, now or never seems to discard.There's gotta be a better way for me to saywhat's on my heart without leavin' scarssocan you hear mewhen I call you name?And when you fall apart,am I the reason for your endless sorrow?There's so much tobe said.And with a broken heart,your walls can only go down but so low.Can you hear mewhen I call your name,when I call your name? Complicated situations are the makings of all that's wrong.And I've been standing in the river of deliverance way to long.There's gotta be a better way for me to say what's on my heart without leavin' scars.Socan you hear mewhen I call you name?Socan you hear mewhen I call you name?And when you fall apart,am I the reason for you endless sorrow?There's so much tobe saidAnd with a broken heart,your walls can only go down but solow.Can you hear mewhen I call you name?You never said, younever said, you never said, you never said.(When I call your name.) You never said, you never said, younever said, you never said(When I call your name.) Yeah.And when you fall apart,am I the reason for you endless sorrow?There's so much tobe said.And with a broken heart,your walls can only go down but solow.Can you hear mewhen I call your name?And when you fall apart,am I the reason for you endless sorrow?There's so much tobe said.And with a broken heart,your walls can only go down but solow.Can you hear mewhen I call your name?
Lester Lee, Zeke Manners - Pennsylvania Polka.xml
Strike up the music the band has begun the Pennsylvania Polka Pick out your partner and join in the fun the Pennsylvania Polka it started in Soranton its now Number one it's bound to entertain yaevrybody has a mania to do the Polka from Pennsylvania Strike up the music the band has begun the Pennsylvania Polka pick out your partners and join in the fun the Pennsylvania Polka it started in Scranton its now Number one it's bound to entertain ya evrybody has a mania to do the Polka from Pennsylvania.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - In My Life.xml
There are places I remember all my life, though some have changed Some forever, not for better; some have gone and some remain. All these placces have their moments with lovers and friends I still can recall. Some are dead and some are living, in my life I've loved them all. But of all these friends and lovers there is no one compares with you. And these mem'ries lose their meaning when I think of love as something new. Though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before; I know I'll often stop and think about them, in my life I love you more. Though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before I know I'll often stop and think about them, in my life I love you more In my life I love you more.
Bee Palmer, Sidney Clare, Sam H. Stept - Please Don't Talk About Me When I'm Gone.xml
Please don't talk about me when I'm gone, Oh, honey, though our friendship ceases, from now on; And, listen, if you can't say anything real nice, It's better not to talk at all, is my advice. We're parting, you go your way I'll go mine, it's best that we do; Here's a kiss! I hope that this brings lots of luck to you. Makes no diff'rence how I carry on, Remember, please don't talk about me when I'm gone. gone.
Carson Robinson - There's A Bridle Hangin' On The Wall.xml
Theres a bridle hangin on the wall and a saddle in a lonely stall you ask me why the teardrops fall its that bridle hangin on the wall theres a horseshoe nailed above the door its a shoe that my ol' pony wore theres a faded blanket in the hall and that bridle hangin on the wall with that pony for my guide I used to ride down the trail watchin the moon swing low but now that faithful friend has found the end of that trail he's gone whereever good ponies go and his bridles hangin on the wall and his saddles in his lonely stall nomore he'll answer to my call theres a bridle hangin on the wall there's a
Marie Cowan, A.B. Paterson - Waltzing Matilda.xml
Once a jolly swagman camp'd by a billabong under the shade of a coollibah tree and he sang as he watch'd and waited till his billy boiled You'll come a waltzing Matilda with me. Waltzing Matilda Waltzing Matilda you'll come a waltzing Matilda with me and he sang as he watched and waited till his billy boiled you'll come a waltzing Matilda with me.
Boorer, Morrissey - COME BACK TO CAMDEN.xml
There is some thing I want ed to tell you its so fun ny you'll kill your self laugh ing but then I, I look a round and I re mem ber that I am a lone a lone for ev er more The tile yard all a long the rail ings up a dis col or ed dark brown stair case here you'll find des pair and I'm call ing to you what is left of my heart my heart for ev er more Drink ing tea with the taste of The Thames Sul len ly on a chair on the pave ment here you'll find my thoughts and I And here is the ve ry last plea from my heart my heart for ev er more Where ta xi driv ers nev er stop talk ing Un der slate grey Vic tor i an sky here you'll find des pair and I and here I am ev ry last inch is yours is yours for ev er more Your leg came to rest a gainst mine then you lounged with knees up and a part and me and my heart we knew we just knew for ev er more Where ta xi driv ers nev er stop talk ing Un der slate grey Vic tor i an sky here you'll find my heart and I and still we say Come Back Come Back to Cam den I'll be good I'll be good I'll be good
Irving Gordon - Be Anything (but be mine).xml
Be a beggar, be a thief, be my sunshine or my grief, Be Anything but darling, be mine. Be a wise man, be a fool, treat me tender or be cruel, Be Anything, but darling, be mine. Climb to the top of the ladder, be master of all you survey. Fail and it still doesn't matter. If you love me ev'rything is O. K. Be the angel of my pray'rs, be the devil who cares, Be Anything, but darling, be mine.
John Frigo, Lou Carter, Herb Ellis - I Told Ya I Love Ya Now Get Out.xml
I Told Ya I Love Ya, Now Get Out! I Told Ya I Love Ya, Now Get Out! Ev'rything's cosy and ev'rything's gone, but let's cool it, honey, time marches on. I Told Ya I Love Ya, Now Get Out! There may be times when I need ya, there's no doubt. Baby, now you're somethin' I can do without. Leave your number and go on home, but don't wait with sandwiches by the 'phone. I Told Ya I Love Ya, Now Get Out! Baby, please leave me be. You want a puppet and there's no strings on me. Get hep, you can leave on the fiveeighteen. Now don't go 'way say in' I've been mean. 'Cause like any man I can change my ways, and a 'round trip ticket's good for sixty days. I Told Ya I Love Ya, Now Get Out I
Raymond O'Sullivan - Alone Again (Naturally).xml
Oh in a little while from now, If I'm not feeling any less sour; I promise myself to treat myself and visit a nearby tower; And climbing to the top will throw myself off in an effort to make it clear to whoev er what it's like when you're shattered, left standing in the lurch at a church where people saying "My God that's tough, she's stood him up," no point in usremaining we may as well go home! As I did on my own; Alone again Naturally. To think that only yesterday, I was cheerful bright and gay; looking forward to well who wouldn't do the role I was abouit to play; But as if to knock me down, reality came around, and without so much as a mere touch cut me into little pieces; leaving me to doubt talk about God in his mercy, who if he really does exist, why did he desert me? In my hour of need I tru ly am indeed Alone again Naturally. It seems to me that there are more hearts broken in the world that can't be mended left unattended; what do we do? What do we do? Now looking back over the years And whatever else that appears; I remember I cried, when my father died, never wishing to hide the tears; And at sixtyfive years old, my mother God rest her soul, couldn't understand why the only man she had ever loved had been taken; leaving her to start with a heart so badly broken, despite encouragement from me no words were ever spoken; and when she passed away I cried and cried all day; Alone again Naturally Alone again Naturally.
Tolchard Evans, Larry Kahn - Ev'rywhere.xml
You are ev'rywhere Ev'rywhere you're there Night and day you share with me Now I know you're gone You still linger on You're a haunting memory I walk an empty street And somehow we meet Yet noone's there but me For now I'm on my own I'll never walk alone For you are ev'rywhere with me
Jimmy Leach, Michael Carr, Tommie Connor - The Little Boy That Santa Claus Forgot.xml
He's the little boy that Santa Claus forgot and goodness knows he didnt want a lot he sent a note to Santa for some soldiers and a drum It broke his little heart when he found Santa hadnt come in the street he envies all those lucky boys then wanders home to last years broken toys I'm so sorry for that laddie he hasnt got a daddy the little boy that Santa Claus forgot.
Henry Mancini, Paul Francis Webster - The Hills Of Yesterday.xml
Once we strolled the hills of yester day. We were young in those hills far away. Through the good times and bad my heart is very glad that you and I once shared a dream so long ago. Autumn ends, the willow bends with snow; But wherever you are I must go. Take me back once again to the hills of yesterday where you first stole my heart away. Once we way.
Traditional - Sinner Man.xml
Oh, sinner man, where you gonna run to? Oh, sinner man, where you gonna run to? Oh, sinner man, where you gonna run to? All on that day. Run to the rock, the rock isa meltin'. Run to the rock, the rock isa meltin'. Run to the rock, the rock isa meltin'. All on that day.
Unknown - Ship Ahoy!.xml
All the nice girls love a sailor, All the nice girls love a tar, For there`s something about a sailor, Well, you know what sailors are! Bright and breezy, Free and easy, He's the ladies' pride and joy, Falls in love with Kate and Jane, Then he's off to sea again, Ship ahoy! Ship ahoy!
Calixa Lavallee, Robert Stanley Weir - O Canada.xml
O Canada! Our home and native land. True patriot love, in all thy sons command. With glowing hearts we see thee rise the true North strong and free. From far and wide O Canada we stand on guard for thee. God keep our land glorious and free. O Canada we stand on guard for thee! O Canada we stand on guard for thee.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - My Romance.xml
My romance doesn't have to have a moon in the sky. My romance doesn't need a blue lagoon standing by; no month of May no twinkling stars, no hide away, no soft guitars. My romance doesn't need a castle rising in Spain, nor a dance to a constantly surprising refrain. Wide awake I can make my most fantastic dreams come true; My romance doesn't need a thing but you.
Antonio Carlos Jobim, Jessie Cavanaugh, Jon Hendricks - Chega De Saudade.xml
no more blues, I'm goin' back home No, no more blues I promise no more to roam. Home is where the heart is the funny part is my heart's been right there all alongNo more tears and no more sighs, and no more fears I'll say no more goodbyes If travel beckons me I swear I'm gonna refuse I'm gonna settle down and there'll be no more blues. Ev'ry day while I am far away my thoughts turn homeward, forever homeward I travelled 'round the world in search of happiness But all my happiness I found was in my home town No more blues, I'm goin' back home, No no more dues, I'm through with all my wandrin' now, I'll set tle down and live my live and build a home and find a wife when we settle down ther'll be no more blues nothin' but happiness, when we settle down there'll be no more blues.
Leslie Coward - Wandering The King's Highway.xml
I've always been a rover. Summer and winter too; Wandering the wide world over, Tramping my whole life through. But when I start my journey, At the dawn of another day, I give a health to comrades, Pals of the Great Highway. So long to you! Got to be on the road again; So long to you! Got to hitch up my load again; It's been great to meet you here, Right good company and right good cheer; Now then, my lads! Anyone like to come with me? A wand'rer's life is free. As I can say, Night and day, Nothing ever worries me. Nights are cold; Maybe I am growing old. Yet I strive And the pals I meet make it good to be alive. Comrades, farewell What if we never meet again? The memory will stay As I go, Rain or snow, Wandering the King's Highway. Parting is filled with sorrow, But, as I roam the land, I shall meet again to morrow Friends who will clasp my hand. So with the dawn to greet me, As the darkness is turn'd to day, I and my friendly mem'ries, Start out upon our way Wandering the King's HighWander ing the King's Highway.
Les Kettley - Get a Life.xml.1
There must be something more to life than working nine to five, or making widgets by the score, for a boss who expects more, just look around you can you see, someone who's really happy, don't end up like them do your thing, get a life and have a fling. Get a life, get a life, get a better life, get a better life with me, get a life, get a life, get a better life, we'll get a better life you'll see. you'll see.
Jacob Gade, Winifred May - Jealousy (Jalousie).xml
Jealousy twas only through Jealousy our hearts were broken and angry words were spoken Now all I have is memory to cherish so tenderly with evry token you have given to me I loved too well for I doubted you in my heart My life was hell evry moment we were apart why did I make that big mistake? I wrong'd you right from the start twas all over my Jealousy my crime was my blind jealouy my heart was afire with desire for you but I never thought that your love was true You gave all your kisses to me but now all too late I can see the heartaches I cost you, no wonder I lost you twas all over my jealousy.
Jim Boothe, Joe Beal - Jingle Bell Rock.xml
Jingle bell jingle bell jingle bell rock jingle bell swing and jingle bell ring Snowing and blowing up bushels of fun, now the jingle hop has begun, Jingle bell jinglebell jinglebell rock, jingle bells chime in jingle bell time Dancin and prancing in Jinglebell Square in the frosty air. What a bright time its the right time to rock the night away Jingle bell time is a swell time to go gliding in a onehorsesleigh Giddy up jingle horse pick up your feet jingle around the clock. Mix and mingle in a jingle in beat that's the jingle bell that's the jingle bell that's the jingle bell rock.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - The Things We Did Last Summer.xml
The boat rides we would take, the moonlight on the lake, the way we dancec and hummed our fav'rite song. The things we did last sum mer, I'll remem ber all winter long. The midway am the fun, the kewpie dolls we won, the bell I rang to prove that I was strong; The things we did last summer, I'll remember all winter long. The early morning hike, the rented tandem bike, the lunches that we used to pack; We never could explain that sudden summer rain; the looks we got when we got back. The leaves began to fade like promises we made; how could a love that seemed so right go wrong? The things we did last sum mer, I'll remem ber all winter long.
Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh - Witchcraft.xml
Those fingers in my hair, that sly, "come hither" stare that strips my conscience bare; it's witchcraft And I've got no defense for it, the heat is too intense for it. What good would cornmon sense for it do? 'Cause it's witchcraft, wicked witchcraft and althongh I know it's strictly taboo, when you arouse the need in me, my heart says, "Yes, indeed," in me; Proceed with what you're leadin' me to! It's such an ancient pitch. but one I wouldn't switch. cause there's no nicer witch than you!
Cole Porter - Night And Day.xml.1.xml
Nightandday,youaretheoneOnlyyoubeneaththemoonorunderthesun.Whetherneartome,orfarIt'snomatterdarlingwhereyouareIthinkofyounightandday.Dayandnight,night,whyisitso,Thatthislong\-ingforyoufollowswhereeverIgoIntheroaringtraffic'sboomInthesilenceofmylonelyroomIthinkofyounightandday.DayandnightunderthehideofmeThere'sanohsuchahungryyearningburninginsideofmeAndit'stormentwon'tbethrough'tilyouletmespendmylifemakinglovetoyouDayandnight,nightandday.
Sam Freedman, Sam Karetu - Haere Mai.xml
Haere mai Ev'rything is ka pai you're here at last, you're really here at last! Haere mai Not a cloud in the sky To coin a phrase this is the day of days You're welcome as the sunshine, You're welcome as a King! Pai Kare is one time we'll really have a fling! Haeremai Evrything is kapai through out the land we want to shake your hand, Haere mai We're proud of you, thats why, Haeremai Haeremai.
John Jarvis - The Greatest Gift of All.xml
Dawn is slowly breaking, our friends have all gone home. You and I are waiting for Santa Clause to come. There's a present by the tree, stockings on the wall. Knowing you're in love with me is the greatest gift of all. The fire is slowly fading, chill is in the air. All the gifts are waiting for children ev 'rywhere. Through the window I can see snow begin to fall. Knowing you're in love with me is the greatest gift of all. Just before I go to sleep I hear a church bell ring. Merry Christmas ev'ryone is the song it sings. So I say a silent pray er for creatures great and small. Peace on earth, good will to men is the greatest gift of all. Peace on earth, good will to men is the greatest gift of all
Rupert Holmes - Remember When.xml
Re member you Remember me, and all those dreams come true that never came to be the foggy lights o distant nights now shine so clearly and I can hear your voice as if you're mine and near me what might have been can live again I'll meet you then, if you remember when Remem ber when
Ayo - Slow, slow (Run, run).xml
What I have becomeis that really me Look what I have done this is not who I wanna be I gotta face myselfgotta chase my soul Gotta free my mind get back my glow I got to go Yes I got to Run run run run run run Run for my soul I better go go go go go go Making sure I go slow slow I got to run run run run run run Run for my soul I better go go go go go go Making sure I go slow slow I got to free my mind I got to chase my soul I got to be myself I got to find my glow Things are getting strange guess I need a change But I can run awayno I can't escape I gotta face myself got to free my mind I gotta chase my soul get back my glow
Boorer, Morrissey - SPEEDWAY.xml
And when you slam down the ham mer can you see it in your heart All of the rum ors keep ing me ground ed I nev er said I nev er said That they were com plete ly un found ed So when you slam down the ham mer can you see it in your heart can you delve so low and when your stand ing on my fin gers Can you see it in your heart Ahhh and when you try to break my spir it it won't work cuz there's noth ing left to break an y more All of the rum ors keep ing me ground ed I nev er said I nev er said That they were com plete ly un found ed You won't sleep Un til the earth that wants me Fi nal ly has me oh you've done it now You won't rest Un til the hearse that be comes me Fi nal ly has me oh you've done it now and you won't smile Un til my lov ing mouth is shut good and prop er for ev er All of the rum ors keep ing me ground ed I nev er said I nev er said That they were com plete ly un found ed and all those lies writ ten lies twist ed lies well they weren't lies they weren't lies they weren't lies I nev er said I nev er said I could have men tioned your name I could have dragged you in GUILT by im plic a tion by as so ci at ion I've al ways been true to you in my own sick way I've al ways been true to you in my own strange way I'LL AL WAYS BE TRUE TO YOU
John Francis Waller, Delia Murphy - The Spinning Wheel.xml
Mellow the moonlight to shine is beginning close by the window young Eileen is spinning bent o'er the fire her blind grandmother sitting is crooning and moaning and drowsily knitting Merrily cheerily noisily whirring swings the wheel spins the wheel while the foots stirringSprightly and lightly and airily ringing sounds the sweet voice of the young maiden singing
Eily Beadell , Nell Tollerton - Cruising Down the River.xml
Cruising down the river on a Sunday afternoon with one you love, the sun a bove, waiting for the moon. The old accordion playing a sentimental tune, Cruising down the river on a Sunday afternoon. The birds above all sing of love, a gentle sweet refrain. The winds around all make a sound like softly falling rain. Just two of us together, we'll plan a honeymoon, Cruis ing down the river on a Sunday afternoon.
Van Morrison - Moondance.xml
Well it's a marvelous night for a Moondance with the stars up above in your eyes. A fantabulous night to make ro mance 'neath the cover of October skies. And all the leaves on the trees are fall ing to the sound of the breezes that blow, and I'm trying to please to the calling of your heartstrings that play soft and low. And all the night's magic seems to whisper and hush. And all soft moon light seems to shine in your blush. Can I just have one amore Moondance with you my love? Can I just make some more ro mance with ayou, my love? Well I wanna make love to you to night, I can't wait til the morning has come. And I know now the time is just right and straight into my arms you will run. and when you come my heart will be wait ing to make sure that you're never alone. There and then all my dreams will come true, dear, there and then I will make you my own. And ev'ry time I touch you you just tremble inside. And I know how much you want me that you cant hide. love? One more Moondance with you in the moonlight on a magic night, la la la la, in moonlight on a magic night. Can't I just have one more dance with you, my love?
Artie Shaw, Johnny Mercer - Love Of My Life.xml
Would you like to be the love of my life for always, And always watch over me? To square my blunders and share my dreams, One day with caviar, Next day a choc'late bar. Would you like to take the merrygoround I'll lead you? I'll need you, Wait and you'll see. I hope in your horosscope there is room for a dope who adores you, That would make the only dream of my life come true, For the love of my life is you.
Victor Herbert, Henry Blossom - Thine Alone.xml
Tell me why is there a doubt within thy heart, myown! Tell me why! I but fear the time will come when we must part! Alas! I should die! Ever more, by day, by night, I'll dream of thee my darling. My heart is but thine! Thine alone.In thine arms enfold me, my beloved, let thine eyes look fondly into mine, for thy love bears a spell all too wondrous to tell, 'tis a rapture that's all divine. So with in thy tender arm enfold me, for thy loss the world could not atone. Beloved, swear that you will e'er be true and forever mine alone.
Otis Skillings - Lord, We Praise You.xml
Lord we praise you Lord we praise You Lord we praise you we priase you Lord Lord we love you Lord we Love You Lord we Love you we love you Lord Lord we thank you Lord we thank you Lord we thank you we thank you Lord al le lu ia al le lu ia la le lu ia we give You praise.
Conrad Kocher, Folliott S. Pierpoint - For the Beauty of the Earth.xml
For the beauty of the earth, For the glory of the skies, For the love which from our birth, Over and around us lies, Lord of all to Thee we raise this our hymn of grateful praise.
Ciro Dammico, Fred Jay - When A Child Is Born.xml
A ray of hope flickersin the sky a tinystar lights up way up high All acrossthe land dawns a brand new morn this comes to pass when a child is
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - You'll Never Walk Alone.xml
When you walk through a storm hold your head up high and don't be afraid of the dark at the end of the storm is a golden sky and the sweet silver song of a lark Walk on through the wind, walk on through the rain tho' your dreams be tossed and blown walk on walk on with hope in your heart and you'll never walk alone you"ll never walk alone!
Leo Robin, Ralph Rainger - Thanks For The Memory.xml
Thanks for the memory of candle light and wine castles on the Rhine the Parthenon and moments on the Hudson River Line. How lovely it was! Thanks for the memory of rainy afternoons swingy Harlem tunes, and motortrips and burning lips and burning toast and prunes. How lovely it was! Manys the time that we feast ed. and Man ys the time that we fasted. Oh, well it was swell while it lasted we did have fun and no harm done. And thanks for the memory of sunburns at the shore nights in Singapore. You might have been a headache but you never were a bore, so thank you so much. Thanks for the memory of sentimental verse, nothing in my purse, and chuckles when the preacher said "For better or for worse. How lovely it was! Thanks for the momory of lingerie with lace, Pils ner by the case, and how I jumped the day you trumped my one and only ace. How lovely it was! We said goodbye with a highball; then I got as high as a steeple. But we were inteligent people no tears, no fuss, hurray for us. So thanks for the memory and strictly entrenous, darling how are you? And how are all the little dreams that never did come true? Awf'ly glad I met you, cheeri o and toodleoo and thank you so much!
Jan Van Laar - The Windmill's Turning.xml
I know a spot where first we met Twas by an old mill stream it was a place I cant forget where once we used to dream I found her in the twilight there in days that used to be I see the sunshine in her hair It brings a memory. The windmills turningMyheart is yearning in dreams I'm bringing to you love's sweet refrain Church bells are ringing the birds are singing and in my heart dear, I know we'll meet again/ The wind millsgain.
Les Kettley - It Happened Again.xml
When I'm close to you something happens to me, something beautiful something new to me, how I wish I knew if the same thing happens to you, if you do love me as I do love you then we must have fallen in love we must be we must be in love It happened again when I saw your face it happened again when I saw you smile it happened again when I felt your lips on mine on mine
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - Make Believe.xml
We could make believe I love you only make believe that you love me Others find peace of mind in pretending couldn't you? couldn't I? couldn't we? make believe our lips are blending in a phantom kiss or two or three? might as well make believe I love you for to tell the truth I do,
Louis Alter, Sidney D. Mitchell - You Turned the Tables On Me.xml
You turned the tables on me, and now I'm falling for you. You turned the tables on me, I can't believe that it's true. I always thought when you brought the lovely presents you brought why hadn't you brought me more. But now if you come I'd welcome anything from the five and ten cent store. You used to call me the top; you put me up on a throne. You let me fall with a drop and now I'm out on my own. But after thinking it over and over, I got what was coming to me. Just like the sting of a bee you turned the tables on me.
Cole Porter, Robert Fletcher - Don't Fence Me In.xml
Oh, give me land, lots of land under starry skies above. Don't fence me in. Let me ride thru the wide open country that I love. Don't fence me in. Let me be by myself in the evening breeze, listen to the murmur of the cottonwood trees. Send me off forever, but I ask you please, don't fence me in. Just turn me loose, let me straddle my old saddle underneath the western skies. On my cayuse, let me wander over yonder till I see the mountains rise. I want to ride to the ridge where the west commen ces, gaze at the moon till I lose my senses. Can't look at hobbles and I can't stand fences. Don't fence me in.
Raffi - The Corner Grocery Store.xml
There was cheese, cheese, walkin' on its knees, In the store, in the store. There was cheese, cheese, Walkin' on its knees, In the Corner Grocer y Store. My
traditional American spiritual - Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child.xml
Sometimes I feel like a motherless child sometimes I feel like a motherless child Sometimes I feel like a mother less child Long way from home Long way from home sometimes I feel like I'm, al most gone sometimes I feel like I'm almost gone Somtimes I feel like I'm almost gone Sometimes I feel like a mourn ing dove sometimes I feel like a mourn in dove sometimes I feel like a mourning dove long way from home long way from home Sometimes I feel like an eagle.in the air sometimes I feel like an eagle,in the air sometimes I feel like an eagle,in the air
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Something Wonderful.xml
He will not always say What you would have him say. But, now and then, he'll say something wonderful. The thoughtless things he'll do will hurt and worry you. Then, all at once he'll do something wonderful. He has a thousand dreams that won't come true. You know that he believes in them and that's enough for you. You'll always go along. Defend him when he's wrong. And tell him when he's strong. He is wonderful. He'll always need your love, and so he'll get your love. A man who needs your love can be wonderful
Elmer Bernstein, Sammy Cahn - By Love Possessed.xml
From the moment that we carressed, By Love Possessed was I; From the moment we kissed, all my plans to resist were replaced with a sigh. Your lips were warm on mine, And tender was your touch; I tried so not to care, but suddenly I cared too much. All my fears seemed to come to rest, By Love Possessed was I; When your arms held me tight, could I question the night, could I ask myself why? I only know I needed you so, And whether the end be high or low in the valley, or somewhere atop the crest; By love possessed, by love possessed by love possessed am I. From the moment that I.
Vincent Scotto, Jean Rodor, Dorcas Cochran - Under The Bridges Of Paris.xml
My darling why I sing this song is easy to explain It tells what happens all along the bridges of the Seine The vagabonds go there at night to sleep all their troubles away but when the moon is shining bright my heart wants to sing it this way How would you like to be down by the Seine with me Oh what I'd give for a moment or two under the bridges of Paris with you Darling I'd hold you tight far from the eyes of night Under the bridges of Paris with you I'd make your dreams come true Sous les ponts de Paris Lorsque descend la nuit Toutes sortes de gueux se faufillent en cachet' et sont heureux d'trouver une couchette Hôtel du Courant d'Air ou l'on ne paye pas cher L'parful et l'eau c'est pour rien mon marquis sous les ponts de Partrue.
Ben Homer, Les Brown, Bud Green - Sentimental Journey.xml
Gonna take a sentimental journey, gonna set my heart at ease. Gonna take a sentimental journey to renew old memories Got my bag, I got my reservation; spent each dime I could afford. Like a child in wild anticipation, long to hear that "All aboard!" Seven, that's the time we leave at seven. I'll be waitin' up for Heaven, countin' ev'ry mile of railroad track that takes me back. Never thought my heart would be so yearnin'. Why did I decide to roam? Gotta take a sentimental journey sentimental journey home.
Ruth Poll, Robert Emmerich - I'd Love To Make Love To You.xml
I'd love to make love to you, that's just what I'd love to do, 'cause any old time, in your prime is the time to begin. How sweet to be sweet to you, how sweet to reteat to you, that any old time in your prime is the time to begin. And when is your prime? I claim it's any old time, and the rpime of you life is the time of you life when you should have the time of your life. I'd love to make love to you, please say that you want me to, while we're in our prime don't waste time, wastin' time is a sin. sin.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - I Fall In Love Too Easily.xml
There are those who can leave love or take it. Love to them is just what they make it. I wish that I were the same.. But love is my fav'rite game. I fall in love too easily, I fall in love too fast, I fall in love too terribly hard for love to ever last. My heart should be well schooled, 'cause I've been fooled in the past, and still I fall in love too easily I fall in love too
Richard Rodgers , Oscar Hammerstein II - Do-Re-Mi.xml
Doe a deer a female deer Ray a drop of golden sun Me a name I call myself Far a long long way to run Sew a needle pulling thread la a note to follow sew Tea a drink with jam and bread that will bring us back to do oh oh oh do! Do re me fa sol la ti do!
Eberhard Storch, John Sexton, John Turner - Auf Wiedersehen, Sweetheart.xml
Auf Wiedersehen auf wiedersehen we'll meet again sweetheart This lovely day has flown away the time has come to part We'll kiss again like this again don't let the teardrops start With love thats true I'll wait for you Auf Wiedersehen sweetheart. Aufheart.
Robert Freeman - Do You Want To Dance .xml
Well, do you wanr to dance and hold my hand? Tell me I'm your lover man. Oh baby. Do you want to dance? Well, do you want to dance and make romance? Squeeze me all through the night. Oh, baby. Do you want to dance? Well, do you want to dance under the moonlight? Squeeze me all through the night, Oh, baby. Do you want to dance? Well, do you want to dance and to hold my hand? Squeeze me, say I'm your man, Oh, baby Do you want to dance? Well, do you want to dance under the moonlight? Squeeze me all through the night, Oh, baby. Do you want to dance? Well, do you want to dance and to make romance? Kiss and squeeze ? Mm yes! Do you want to dance? Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance? Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance? Do you, do you, do you, do you want to dance?
Peter Green - Black Magic Woman.xml
I got a black magic woman I got a black magic woman Yes, I got a black magic woman, She's got me so blind I can't see; But shw's a black magic woman and she's try'in to make a devil out of me. Don't turn your back on me, ba by, Don't turn you back on me baby, Yes, don't turn your back on me baby, Don't mess around with your tricks; Don't turn your back on me baby, 'cause you might just wake up my magic sticks. You got your spell on my baby, you got your spell on me baby, Yes, you got your spell on me baby, Turnin' my heart into stone; I need you do bad, magic woman I can't leave you alone.
Henry Mancini - Bye Bye.xml
Ev'ry night your line is busy; all that buzzin' makes me dizzy. Couldn't count on all my fingers all the dates you've had with swingers. Bye bye, bye baby! I'm gonna kiss you goodbye and go right thru that door way! So long, I'm leavin'! This is the last time we'll meet on the street goin' your way. Don't look surprised; you know you buttered your bread so now it's fair you should stare at the back of my head. If you write a letter to me, my former friend, don't you end with an R. S. V. P. I'm goin' Bye Bye; I'm movin'. Tomorrow I may be splittin' to Britain or Norway. I'm sayin' Bye By, bye, baby! Now that I've heard all that jazz and whereas I have pad it? I'm thru now, with you now. So baby it's aurevoir, adios, ciao ciao, Bye Bye!
Cole  Porter - In The Still Of The Night.xml
In the still of the night, As I gaze from my window, At the moon in it's flight, my thoughts all stray to you In the still of the night While the world is in slumber oh the times without number, darling when I say to you: "Do you love me as I love you? Are you my lifetobe, my dream come true?" Or will this dream of mine fade out of sight like the moon growing dim on the rim of the hill in the chill still of the night? night?
Vince Guaraldi - Hark the Herald Angels Sing.xml
Hark the herald angels sing "Glory to the newborn king! peace on earth and mercy mild God and sinners reconciled Joyful all ye nations rise Join the triumph of the skies With angelic host proclaim Christ is born in Bethlehem Hark the Herald angels sing Glory to the new born King!
Jack O'Hagan -Where the Dog Sits on the Tucker Box (Five Miles From Gundagai).xml
My Mabel waits for me underneath the bright blue sky, Where the dog sits on the tucker box five miles from Gundagai. I meet her ev'ry day and I know she's dinky di, Where the dog sits on the tucker box, five miles from Gundagai. I think she's bonzer and she reckons I'm goodo, She's such a trimmer that I've entered her for the local show. And my Mabel waits for me underneath the bright blue sky. Where the dog sits on the tuckerbox, five miles from Gundagai gai
Jim Steinman - Total Eclipse Of The Heart.xml
Turn around Ev'ry now and then I get a little bit lonely and you're never coming round. Turn around ev'ry now and then I get a little bit tired of listtening to the sound of my tears. Turn around. Ev'ry now and then I get a little bit nervous that the best of all the years have gone by. Turn around. Ev'ry now and then I get a little bit terrified and then I see the lood in your eyes. Turn around bright eyes Ev'ry now and then I fall apart. Ev'ry now and then I fall aTurn around Ev'ry now and then I get a little bit restless and I dream of something wild. Turn around ev'ry now and then I get a little bit helpless and I'm lying like a child in your arms. Turn around. Ev'ry now and then I get a little bit angry and I know I got to get out and cry. Turn around. Ev'ry now and then I get a little bit terrified but thin I see the look in you eyes. part. Ev'ry now and then I fall a part and I need to know tonight; And I need you more than ever And if you only hold me tight. we'll be holding on forever. And we'll only be making it right. 'cause we'll never be wrong together we can take it to the end of the line. Your love is like a shadow on me all of the time. I don't know what to do and I'm always in the dark We're living in a powder keg and giving off sparks. I really need you tonight. Forever's gonna start tonight Forever's gonna start to night. Once upon a time I was falling in love But now I'm only falling apart. There's nothing I can do A total eclipse of the heart. One upon a time there was light in my life, but now there's only love in the dark. nothing I can say A total eclipse of the heart.
Paul Durand, Mitchell Parish, Henri Contet - All My Love.xml
All my love I give you all my love the skies may fall my love But I will still be true All my sighs will disappear at last now that you're here at last my heart belongs to you oh dont you ever let me go you thrill me so I can see as I recall my life I've waited all my life to give you all my love ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay
David Baerwald - Come What May.xml
Male: Never knew I could feel like this, like I've never seen the sky before. Want to vanish inside your kiss. Ev'ry day I love you more and more. Listen to my heart. Can you hear it sing and telling me to give you ev'rything? Seasons may change winter to spring, but I love you until the end of time. Come what may, come what may, I will love you until my dying day. Girl: Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place. Suddenly it moves with such a perfect grace. Both: Suddenly my life doesn't seem such a waste. Girl: It all revolves around you. Both: And there's no mountain too high no rivver too wide. Sing out this song, and I'll be there by your side. Storm clouds may gather and stars may collide. Male: But  I love you until the end of time. Both: Come what may, come what may, I will love you until my dying day. Oh, come what may come what may I will love, I will love you Girl: Suddenly the world seems such a perfect place Both: Come what may, come what may, I will love you until my dying day.
Queen Liliuokalani - Aloha Oe.xml
Farewell dear love I'll dream of you no passing grief is this my heart is feeling I love you so before you go I'll say dear lov'd one farewell farewell dear love I'll dream of you no passing grief is this my heart is feeling I love you so before you go I'll say dear lov'd one farewell.
John Denver - Poems, Prayers and Promises.xml
I've been latelythinkin about my life's time all the things I've done and how its been and I cant help believin in my own mind I know I'm gonna hate to see it end I;ve seen a lot of sunshine slept out in the rain spent a night or two all on my own I've known my ladys pleasures had myself some friends spent a time or two in my own home I have to say it now its been a good life all in all its really fine to have the chance to hang around and lie there by the fire and watch the evening fire, while all my friends and my old lady sit and pass a pipe around and talk of poems and prayers and promises and things that we believe in howsweet it is to love someone how right it is to care, how long its been since yesterday what about tomorrow and what about our dreams and all the memories we share (instrumental ) The days they pass so quick ly now the nights are..seldom..long time around me whispers when its cold the changes somehow frighten me still I have..to smile..it turns me on to think of growing old for tho' my lifes been good to..me.theres still so much to do..so many things my mind has never known I;d like to raise a famly..I'd like to sail away..and once across the mountains on the moon
Billy Austin, Louis Jordan - Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby?.xml.1
I got a gal who's always late Evry time we have a date but I love her Yes, I love her I'm gonna walk up to her gate and see if I can get it straight, 'cause I love her I'm gonna ask her Is you is, or is you ain't my baby? The way you're acting lately made me doubt You'se is still my baby, baby. Seems my flame in your heart done gone out A woman is a creature that has always been strange Just when you're sure of one you'll find she's gone and made a change So is you is or is you ain't my baby? Maybe baby's found somebody new Or is my baby still my baby true?
Sholom Secunda, Jacob Jacobs, Sammy Cahn and Saul Chaplin - Bei Mir Bist Du Schon.xml
Bei mir bist du shchon please let me explain Bei mir bist du schon means that you're grand Bei mir bist du schon again I'll explain it means you're the fairest in the land I could say Bella Bella even say Voonderbar Each language only helps me tell you how grand you are I've tried to explain  Bei mir bist du schon so kiss me and say you understand
George L Cobb, Jack  Yellen - Alabama  Jubilee.xml
You ought to see Mister Jones when he rattles the bones, Old Colonel  Brown foolin' round like a clown Miss Virginia who is past eighty three Shoutin' I'm full o' pep! Watch yo' step,! watch yo' step! One legged Joe danced aroun' on his toe, Threw away his crutch and hollered "Let 'er go!" Oh, honey, Hail! Hail! the gang's all here for an Alabama Jubilee.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - I Wish I Knew.xml
Is this the night I've waited oh so long for? Is this my dream at last come true? Are you the one my heart has saved it's song for? How can I tell? I wish I knew. I wish I knew someone like you could love me. I wish I knew you placed no one above me. Did I mistake this for a real romance? I wish I knew, but only you can answer. If you don't care, Why let me hope and pray so. Don't lead me on, If I'm a fool just say so. Should I keep dreaming on, or just forget you. What shall I do? I wish I knew knew.
Johnny Cash - Forty Shades Of Green.xml
I close my eyes and picture the em'rald of the sea from the fishing boats at Dingle to the sores of Dunadee I miss the River Shannon and the folks at Skipparee the moor lands and the midlands with their forty shades of green But most of all I miss a girl in Tipperary town and most of all I miss her lips as soft as eiderdown again I want to see and do the things we've done and seen where the breeze is sweet as Shalimar and there's forty shades of green I wish that I could spendan hour at Dublin's churning surf I'd love to watch the farmers drain the bogs and spade the turf To see again the thatching of the straw the women glean I'd walk from Cork to Liarn to see the gorty shades of green Forty shades of green.
John Newton - Amazing Grace.xml
Amazing Grace! How sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me! I once was lost but now am found; was blind but now I see. 'Twas grace that taught my heart to fear, And grace my fears relieved; How precious did that grace a pear The hour I first be
Jan Dyer and Jeff Tweel - Every Time Two Fools Collide.xml
You want things your way, And I want them mine, And now we don't know Just where to draw the line. And how can love survive If we keep choosing sides? And who picks up the pieces ev'ry time two fools collide? You lay the blame on me, and I lay the blame on you, But why do we keep finding fault in every thing we do. And how long can we keep right and wrong so cut and dried? And who picks up the pieces ev'ry time two fools collide? We can save our love; We still have the time. And I know there must be a way We still haven't tried To keep our hearts from breaking ev'ry time two fools collide; To keep our hearts from breaking ev'ry time two fools collide?
Gordon Hll Jenkins, Johnny Mercer - P. S. I Love You.xml
Dear I thought I'd drop a line, the weathers cool, the folks are fine, I'm in bed each night at nine. P. S. I love you. Yesterday we had some rain, but all in all, I can't complain. Was it dusty on the train. P. S. I love you. Write to the Browns just as soon as you're able, They came around to call. I burned a hole in the diningroom table, And let me see, I guess thats all. Nothing else for me to say, and so I'll close, but, by the way, ev'rybody's thinking of you. P. S. I love you. P. S. I love you.
Jenny Lou Carson, Al Hill - Let Me Go Lover.xml
Oh let me go let me go let me go lover let me be set me fre from your spell you made me weep cut me deep I cant sleep lover I was cursed from the first day I fell you dont want me but you want me to go on wanting you how I pray that you will ay that we're through please turn me loose whats the use let me go lover let me go let me go let me go oh let me go
Al Jolson, Dave Dreyer, Billy Rose - Me And My Shadow.xml
Me and my shadow strolling down the Avenue Me and my shadow not a soul to tell our troubles to and when its twelve o clock we climb the stair we never knock for nobodys there just me and my shadow all alone and feeling blue.
George Bastow, Fred Leigh - Galloping Major.xml
When I was in the army I was a cavalry man, you know, And whenever I went on parade A magnificent picture I made. Through my galloping here, and my galloping there, This rediculous habit I got, And I'm Hanged if I don't think I'm Galloping now Whether up in the saddle or not! And the people they stare at me so, For it matters not where I may go, It's Bumpity! bumpity bumpity bump As if I was riding my charger Bumpity! bumpity! bumpity! bump! As proud as an Indian Rajah. All the girls declare That I'm a gay old stager Hey! hey! clear the way Here comes the galloping major! major!
John Denver - My Sweet Lady.xml
Lady are you crying do the tears belong to me did you think our time together was all gone? Lady you've been dreaming I'm as close as I can be and I swear to you our time has just begun Close your eyes and rest your weary mind I promise I will stay right here beside you Today our lives were joined became entwined I wish that you could know how much I love Lady are you happy do you feel the way I do are there meanings that you've never seen before? Lady my sweet lady I just cant believe its true and its like I've never ever loved before
Michael Kamen, Julian Lennon, Justin Clayton - Cole's Song.xml
I feel that the love around me has come from another world. I have lost love, I have found love. From the moment you were born I could see a new begin ning. Come to me, let me tell you how, how I've lost love, and now I've found love. in a world of broken dreams. I was wrong to deny your feellings and I'm sorry if I've caused you pain. I was lost then, so confused then, and I believe that you would change that. There are broken hearts we can mend. Thru the music we've learned to love again. Thru the sad notes, thru the years there were times when I just couldn't tell you. And now we've come to and understanding and I'm sorry that it took so long. I have lost love, I have found love from the moment you were born. I have lost you and now I've found you. Let me feel your heart, let me hear your song.
Elizabeth , 1893  June 29, 1987), Paul James & Fred Williams - Freight Train.xml
Freight train freight train, runso fast. Freight Train, freight train, run so fast. Please don't tell what train I'm on, They won't know what route I've gone.When I am dead and in my graveNo more good times here I crave Place the stones at my head and feet, Tell them all I've gone to sleep.
Gene Adkinson, Wade Buff  - It's Almost Tomorrow.xml
My dearest my darling tomorrow is near the sun will bring showers of sadness I fear lips wont be smiling your eyes will not shine For I know to morrow that your love wont be mine. It's almost tomorrow but what can I do? your kisses all tell me that your love is untrue I'll love you for ever till stars cease to shine and hope someday darling that you'll always be mine. Your heart was so warm dear it now has turned cold You no longer love me for your memries grow old. It's almost tomorow for here comes the sun But still I am hoping that tomorrow wont come mine.
Odis Echols, Charlie Phillips - Sugartime.xml
Sugar in the mornin', sugar in the eve'nin', sugar at supper time; Be my little sugar, and love me all the time. Honey in the mornin', Honey in the eve'nin', Honey at supper time; You'll be my little honey and love me all the time. Put you arms around me and swear by the stars above, You'll be mine for ever in a heaven of love: Sugar in the mornin', sugar in the eve'nin', sugar at supper time; Be my little sugar, and love me all the time. Now Sugar time is anytime, That you're near or just appear; So don't you roam, just be my honeycomb, We'll live in a heaven of love. Sugar in the mornin', sugar in the eve'nin', sugar at supper time; Be my little sugar, and love me all the time. Honey in the mornin', Honey in the eve'nin', Honey at supper time; You'll be my little honey and love me all the time. Put your arms around me and swear by the stars above, You'll be mine for ever in a heaven of love: Sugar in the mornin', sugar in the eve'nin', sugar at supper time; Be my little sugar, and love me all the time.
Stevie Wonder - Don't You Worry 'bout a Thing.xml
Ev'rybody's got a thing but some don't know how to handle it Always reachin' out in vain accepting the things not worth having But don't you worry 'bout a thing Don't you worry 'bout a thing mama 'Cause I'll be standin' on the side when you check it out They say lol you're style of life's a drag and that you must go other places But just don't you feel too bad when you get fooled by smiing faces out When you get off your trip Don't you worry 'bout a thing Don't you worry 'bout a thing Bom ba bom ba bom ba bom bom bom bom bom bom bom bom Bom 'rybody's needs a change a chance to check out the new But you're the only one to see the changes you take yourself through
Ritchie Adams, Alan Bernstein - After The Lovin'.xml
So I sing you to sleep after the lovin with a song I just wrote yesterday, and I hope you can get what the words and the music have to say. It's so hard to explain ev'rything that I'm feeling face to face I just seem to go dry. But I love you so much that the sound of your voice can get me high. Thanks for takin' me on a one way trip to the sun. And thanks for turnin' me. into a someone. So I sing you to sleep after the lovin' I brush back the hair from your eyes. And the love on your face is so real that it makes me wanna cry. And I know that my song isn't sayin' anything new Oh, but after the lovin' I''m still in love with you. Yes, after the lovin' I'm still in love with you. Oh, after the lovin' I'm still in love with you
Frederik Sioen - Ease Your Mind.xml
you're wandering about for days an education for your brain you start to rearrange but you keep wondering who's to blame it's just a matter of time until you find out you're pretendding to be ok (but you're not) something tickles the back of your mind you ain't ge tting no grip, you slip and you slide you'd better case your mind ease your mind ease your days for your own good (hold right there, partner!) ease your mind ease your ways for your own good (hold right there, partner!) toop toop toop too do toop toop toop tonp (etc.) can't you see that you are jumping through the roof, man? are you a fool that yon still need instant approval? (can't you see that you are jumping through the roof, man? are you a fool that you still need instant ap proval?) don't you get tired of your own behaviour? you keep on acting like you're some kind of stranger (don't you get tired of your own behaviour? you'd better ease your mind!) ease your mind case your days for your own good (hold right there, partner!) ease your kind ease your ways for your own good (hold right there, partner!) come back and save me lift me up and amaze me lately you are driving me crazy ease your mind come back and save me lift me up and amaze me lately you are driving me crazy toop toop toop too do toop toop toop toop (etc.)
Harry Parr Davies, Phil Park - Wish Me Luck as You Wave Me Goodbye.xml
Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye cheerio here I go on my way wish me luck as you wave me goodbye not a tear but a cheer make it gay give me a smile I can keep all the while in my heart while I;m awat till we meet once again you and I wish me luck as you wave me goodbye.
Harry Warren, Johnny Mercer - You Must Have Been A Beautiful Baby.xml
You must have been a beautiful baby, You must have been a wonderful child, When you were only startin' to go to kindergarten, I bet you drove the little boys wild, And when it came to winning blue ribbons, You must have shown the other kids how, I can see the judges eyes as they handed you the prize, I bet you made the cutest bow, Oh, you must have been a beautiful baby, 'Cause baby look at you now You
Herb Ellis, John Frigo, Lou Carter - Detour Ahead.xml
Smooth road, clear day, but why am I the only one trav'lin' this way? How strange the road to love should be so easy, can there be a detour ahead? Wake up, slow down, berofre you crash and break your heart, gullible clown. You fool, you're Headed in the wrong direction, can't you see the detour a
Louis Alter, Milton Drake - Nina Never Knew.xml
Girls were made to kiss, but Nina Never knew. Girls were made for this, but Nina never knew. Sweet surprise filled Nina's eyes, she did not understand. When I kissed her hand, then dreams began to stir down deep inside of her. When I whispered things that Nina never heard, Nina's heart took wings with evry tender word. Then suddenly she clung to me she learned to love somehow. And I'm so glad that Nina never knew, till now.
Harold Rome - Wish You Were Here.xml
They're not making the slues as blue this year Wish You Were Here! As blue as they used to when you were near Wish Yov Were Here! And the mornings don't seem as new. Brand new as they did with you Wish You Were Here! Wish You Were Here! Wish You Were Here! Someone's painting the leaves all wrong this year Wish You Were Here! And why did the birds change their song this year? Wish You Were Here! They're not shining the stars as bright They've stolen the joy from the night! Wish You Were Here! Wish You Were Here! Wish You Were Here!
L.Cohen - Hallelujah.xml
I heard there was a secret chord that david played and it pleased the lord but you don't really care for music do yeah? It goes like this, the fourth the fifth the minor fall the major lift The baffled king composing Hallehlujah Hallehlujah Halehlujah halehlujah halehlujah Baby I've been here before. i KNOW THIS room, I've walked this floor. I used to live alone before I knew you. I've seen your flag the marble arch But love is not a victory march, It's cold and it's a broken Hallehect...... a All I ever learned from love is how to shoot at someone who outdrew you and it's no cry you can hear at night, and it's not somebody who seen the light: It's a cold and it's a broken Halehlujah Halehlujah Halehluyah Halehlujah Halehlujah.
Fred Fisher - Chicago .xml
Chicago, Chicago, that toddlin' town, (toddlin' town. ) Chicago, Chicago, I'll show you around, I love it! Bet your bottom dollar you lose the blues in Chicago, Chicago. The town that Billy Sunday could not put down! On State street that great street, I just want to say, just want to say They do things they don't do on Broadway Say, They have the time, the time of their life, I saw a man, he danced with his wife in Chicago, Chicago, my home town!
Bob Crewe, Bob Gaudio - Silence is Golden.xml
Oh don't it hurt deep inside to see someone do somethin to her oh don't it pain to see someone cry oh especc'ly when someone is her Silence is golden but my eyes still see Silence is golden, golden but my eyes still see Talkin is cheap people follow like sheep even tho' there is nowhere to go How could she tell? he deceived her so well pity she'll be the last one to know. see but my eyes still see but my eyes still see
Roger Miller - The Last Word In Lonesome Is Me.xml
The last word in lonesome is me the last word in lonesome is me my heart is as lone ly as a heart can be lonely the last word in lonesome is me Too
tune: O Sole Mio (G. Capurro), Aaron Schroeder, Wally Gold - It's Now Or Never.xml
Its now or never come hold me tight kiss me my darlin be mine tonight tomorrow will be too late its now or never my love wont wait when I first
Hub Atwood, Carroll Coates - No One Ever Tells You (Transcribed Blues).xml
No one ever tells you what it's like to love and lose, how it feels to waken and have breakfast with the blues, how to go on living, how to face another day. No one ever tells you the way. No one ever tells you how it feels to walk alone, list' ning for those footsteps through the echo of your own. Suddenly it hits you, all those dreams weren't worth a dime, cause no one ever tells you in time. Long before the icy winds of winter, autumn tells the swal lows "time to fly". Why did we pretend 'til the bitter end, 'til it broke our hearts to say goodbye? No one ever tells you that it's just another fling, no one ever warns you when your heart begins to sing, no one tells you later "all is fair in love and war" but no one ever tells you before. No one ever tells you that it's just another fling, no one ever warns you when your heart begins to sing, noone tells you later "all is fair in love and war" but no one ever tells you before. It never comes easy! No one ever tells you before.
Matt Dennis, Tom Adair - Everything Happens To Me.xml
I make a date for golf and you can bet your life it rains, I try to give a party and the guy upstairs complains, I guess I'll go thru' life just catchin' colds and missin' trains, Ev'rything hapens to me I never miss a thing, I've had the measles and the mumps, And ev'rytime I place an ace my partner always trumps, I guess I'm just a fool who never looks before he jumps, Evrything happens to me. At first my heart thought you could break this jinx for me, That love would turn the trick to end despair! But now I just can't fool this head that thinks for me, I've mortgaged all my castles in the air! I've telegraphed and phoned, I sent an airmail special too, Your answer was goodbye and there was even postage due! I fell in love just once and then it had to be with you, Ev'rything happens to me. I
Sammy Kahn, Irving Kahal - I'll Be Seeing You.xml
I'll be seeing you in all the old familiar places that this heart of mine embraces all day through In that small cafe the park across the way the childrens carousel, the chestnut tree the wishing well I'll be seeing you in every lovely summers day in every thing thats bright and gay I'll always think of you that way i'll find    you in the morning sun and when the night is new I'll be looking at the moon but I'll be seeing you
L.Clinton, B. Bernier, B. Emmerich - Our Love.xml
Our Love I feel it evrywhere Thro' the nighttime It is the message of the breeze Our Love is like an evening pray'r I can hear it in evry whisper of the trees and so you're always near to me Wherever you may be I see your face in stars above as I dream on in all the magic of Our Love
Vaughn Horton - Ting-a-ling-a Jingle.xml
On the night before Christmas when Santa is near all the children to Dreamland will soon disappear but there's one little darling that won't close an eye till you call for the sandman with this lullaby Sing tingaling a jingle and hold me so tight sing Tingaling a jingle and kiss me good night I cicles on the window and snow on the ground, sing tingaling a jingle till San ta comes round. round.
Leroy Anderson, Mitchell Parish - Sleigh Ride.xml
Just hear those sleigh bells jingling ringtingtingling too Come on it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you Outside the snow is falling and friends are calling "YooHoo" Come on it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you Giddyyup Giddyyup Giddyyup let's go Let's look at the snow. we're riding in a wonderland of snow Giddyyap Giddyyap Giddyyap it's grand just holding your hand. We're gliding along with a song of a wintery fairy Land Our cheeks are nice and rosy and comfy cozy are we we're snuggled up together like two birds of a feather would be Let's take that road before us and sing a chorus or two Come on it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you
Stephen Bishop - On and On.xml
Down in Jamaica they've got lots of pretty women, Steal your money then they break your heart. Lonesome Sue, she's in love with ol' Sam; She take him from the fire into the frying pan, On and on, She just keeps on trying, And she smiles when she feels like crying, On and on, on and on, on and on.  Poor ol' Jimmy sits alone in the moonlight; Saw his woman kiss another man, So he takes a ladder steels the stars from the sky, Puts on Sinatra and starts to cry On and on, He just keeps on trying, And he smiles when he feels like crying, On and on, on and on, on and on. When the first time is the last time, It can make you feel so bad, But if you know it, Then show it; Hold on tight, don't let her say goodnight.  Got the sun on my shoulders and my toes in the sand. My woman's left me for some other man, Aw, but I don't care, I'll just dream and stay tan; Toss up my heart and see where it lands. On and on, I just keep on try ing, And I smile when I feel like dying, On and on, on and on, on and on. On and on, on and on, on and on. On and on, on and on, on and on.
Theodore F.Morse, Howard Johnson - M-O-T-H-E-R.xml
"M" is for the million things she gave me, "O" means only that she's growing old, "T" is for the tears she shed to save me, "H" is for her heart as pure as gold, "E" is for her eyes, with lovelight shining, "R" means right and right she'll always be, Put them all together they spell "MOTHER," A word that means the world to me. me. The world to me.
Edward Farley, Mike Riley, Red Hodgson - The Music Goes Round and Round.xml
I blow through here the music goes round and around whoaho hoho hoho and it comes out here I push the first valve down the music goes round and around whoahoho hohoho and it comes up here I push the middle valve down the music goes down around below below below deedle dee ho hoho listen to the jazz come out I push the other valve down the music goes round and around whoaho hohohoho and it comes out here
Vincent Youmans, Anne Caldwell - I Know That You Know.xml
So darling, I know that you know That I'll gowhere you go. I choose you, won't lose you I wish you'd know how much I long to hold you in my arms. This time is my time, "Twill soon be goodbye time Then, in the starlight, Hold me tight, With one more little kiss, Say "Nighty Night."
Gilbert Becaud, Mann Curtis, Pierre Delanoe - Let It Be Me.xml
I bless the day I found you I want to stay around you and so I beg you let it be me Dont take this heaven from one if you must cling to someone now and for ever let it be me Each time we meet love I find complete love without your sweet love what would life be? so never leave me lonely tell me you'll love me only and that you'll always let it be me.
Stevie Wonder - I Just Called To Say I Love You.xml
No New Years Day to celebrate no chocolate covered candy hearts to give away No first of spring no song to sing in fact here's just an oth er or dinary day No April rain no flowers bloom no wedding Saturday within the month of June but what it is is something true made up of these three words that I must say to you I just called to say I love you I just called to say how much I care I just called to say I love you and I mean it from the bottom of my heart No summers
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - You'll Never Know.xml.2
You'll never know just how much I miss you. You'll never know just how mich I care. And if i tried, I still couldn't hide my love for you. You ought to know, for haven't I told you so a million or more times? You went away and my heart went with you. I speak your name in my every pray. If there is some other way to prove that I love you I swear I don't know how you'll never know if you don't know how.
Jann Arden Richard, Michael Buble, Alan Chang - Lost.xml
I can't believe it's over; I watched the whole thing fall, and I never saw the writing that was on the wall. If I only knew the days were slipping past, that the good things never last, that you were cryin'. Summer turned to winter, and the snow, it turned to rain; then the rain turned into tears upon your face. I hardly recognize the girl you are today; and God, I hope it's not too late. Mm,   it''s not too late. "Cause your are not alone; I'm always there with you, and we'll get lost together, till the light comes pouring thru. "Cause when you feel like your done, and the darkness has won, babe, you're not lost. When your world's crashing down and you can't bear the thought . I said babe, you're not lost. Life can show no mercy it can tear your soul apart. It can make you feel like you've gone crazy, but you're not. Though things have seemed to change, there's one thing that's still the same; in my heart you have remained, and we can fly, fly, fly away. 'Cause you are not alone; and you can't bear to crawl. I said, baby, you're not lost. I said, baby you're not lost. I said, baby, you're not lost. I said, baby you're not lost.
Arthur Johnston, Sam Coslow - My Old Flame.xml
My Old Flame, I can't even think of his name but it's funny now and then, how my thoughts go flashing back again, to My Old Flame. My Old Flame, my new lovers all seem so tame. For I haven't met a gent so magnificent or elegant as my old Flame. I've met so many who had fascinatin' ways, a fascinatin' gaze in their eyes; some who took me up to the skies. But their attemps at love were only imitations of My Old Flame, I can't even think of his name. But I'll never be the same until I discover what became of My Old Flame. Flame.
Harry Warren, Billy Rose, Mort Dixon - I Found A Million Dollar Baby (in a Five and Ten Cent Store).xml
It was a lucky April shower, it was the most convenient door I Found a Million Dollar Baby In a Five and Ten Cent Store. The rain continued for an hour, I hung around for three or four, around a million dollar baby in a five and ten cent store. She was selling china and when she made those eyes I kept buying china un til the crowd got wise. In cident'ly, if you should run into a shower, just step inside my cottage door and meet the million dollar baby from the five and ten cent store.
Abe Lyman, Walter Donaldson - What Can I Say After I Say I'm Sorry.xml.1
What can I say, dear, after I say I'm sorry? What can I do to prove it to you, I'm sorry? I didn't mean to ever be mean to you, If I didn't care I wouldn't feel like I do. I was all wrong, but right or wrong I don't blame you, Why should I take somebody like you and shame you. I know that I made you cry, and I'm so sorry dear, So what can I say, dear, after I say I'm sorry? sorry?
Caravelli, Paul Anka & Sammy Cahn - Let Me Try Again.xml
I know I said that I was leaving but I just couldn't say goodbye. It was only self deceiving to walk away from someone who means ev'ry thing in life to you You learn from ev'ry lonely day I've learned and I've come back to Let me try again Let me try again Think of all we had before Let me try once more We can have it all You and I again Just forgive me or I'll die Please let me try again. I was such a fool to doubt you to try to go it all alone There's no sense to life without you Now all I do is just exist and think about boutthe chance I've missed To beg is not an easy task But pride is such a foolish
Elmer Bernstein, Sylvia Fine - Molly-O.xml
Molly with her green eyes, and her fair hair, I love her so, Molly O. Tell me, will she be there, will she still care when I am low? MollyO. Hold me through the bad times, 'cause the glad times they come and they go. No blues will I mind long as I find she is my kind and my Molly O.
Johannes Brahms, Robert Herrick  - What Sweeter Music.xml
What sweeter music can we bring Than a carol for to sing. The birth of this our heav'nly King. Awake the voice! Awake the string! We see Him come and know Him ours, Who with His sunshine and His show'rs Turns all the patient ground to flow'rs.
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Que Sera, Sera.xml
When I was just a little girl I asked my mother what will I be? Will I be pretty will I be rich? heres what she said to me Que sera sera whatever will be will be the future's not ours to see Que sera sera what will be will be.
Jimmy McHugh, Dorothy Fields - On the sunny side of the street.xml
Grab your coat and get your hat, Leave your worry on the doorstep, Just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street. Can´t you hear a pitter pat? And that happy tune is your step, Life can be so sweet on the sunny side of the street. I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade, But I´m not afraid, This Rover crossed over. If I never have a cent, I´ll be rich as Rockefeller, Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street.
Laura R.Smith, J.S.Fearis, Adele Girard, Joe Marsala - Little Sir Echo.xml
Sometimes I hear your voice so very distinctly sometimes so far it fades then is gone like the dawn, Little sir echo how do you do Hello hello little sir echo I'm very blue Hello hello hello hello won't you come over and play you"re a nice little fellow I know by your voice, but you're always so far away way away.
Jerome Moross, Carolyn Leigh - Stay With Me.xml
Should my heart not be humble, should my eyes fail to see, should my feet sometimes stumble on the way, Stay with Me. Like the lamb that in springtime wanders far from the fold, comes the darkness and the frost, I get lost, I grow cold. I grow old, I grow weary and I know I have sinned and I go seeking shelter and I cry in the wind. Though I grope and I blunder and I'm weak and I'm wrong, though the road buckles under where I walk, walk along. Till I find to my wonder evry path leads to Thee, all that I can do is say, Stay With Me, Stay With Me.
Kansas Joe McCoy - Why Don't You Do Right.xml
You had plenty money nineteen twenty two You let other women make a fool of you Why don't you do right Like some other men do Get out of here and get me some money too You're sittin' down wond'ring what it's all about If y'ain't got no money they will put you out If
John W. Green, Edward Heyman - You Came Along (from out of nowhere).xml
You came along from out of nowhere, You took my heart and found it free. Wonderful dream, wonderful schemes from nowhere, Made ev'ry hour sweet as a flower for me. If you should go back to your nowhere, Leaving me with a memory, I'll always wait for your return out of nowhere, Hoping you'll bring your love to me.
Henry Tobias, Moe Jaffe - If I Had My Life To Live Over.xml
If I had my life go live over, I'd do the same things again. I'd still want to roam near the place we called home, Where my happiness never would end. I'd meet you when shool days were over And walk thru' the lanes that we knew. If I had my live to live over, I'd still fall in love with you.
Robin Luke - Susie Darlin'.xml
I stood watchin' all night long I stood watchin' all night long I stood watchin' since you went away You were the girl of many charms How I loved you in my arms I never thought that you'd ever go cos I loved you so. Oh Susie darlin' I thought you knew You were all the world to me All my dreams came true.I stood cryin' all night long I stood cryin' all night long Cryin' and wishin' you'd come back to meee Thinking of all the dreams we knew Now that you're gone they won't come true My heart is empty without you Nothin' there but misery.
Harry Woods - When The Red Red Robin .xml
When The Red, Red, Robin comes bob, bob, bobbin along, along, there'll be no more sobbin' when he starts throbbin' his old sweet song. Wake up, wake up you sleepy head, get up, get up, get out of bed, cheer up, cheer up, the sun is red, live, love, laugh and be happy. What if I've been blue, now I'm walkin' through fields of flow'rs, rain may glisten but still I listen for hours and hours. I'm just a kid again, doin' what I did again, singing a song, When the Red, Red, Robin comes bob, bob, bobbin' a long.
Fred Karlin, Dory Previn - Come Saturday Morning.xml
Come Saturday morning I'm going away with my friend; We'll Saturday spend till the end of the day. Just I and my friend. We''ll travel for miles with our Saturday smiles, and then we'll move on. But we will remember long after Saturday's gone. Come Saturday morning. Come Saturdya morning I'm going away with my friend; Well Saturday laugh more than half of the day. Just I and my friend, dressed up in our rings and our Saturday things, and then we'll move on. But we will remember long after Saturday's gone. Come Saturday morning.
Hugh Williams, Jimmy Kennedy - Red Sails in the sunset.xml
Red sails in the sunset way out on the sea, Oh, carry my loved one home safely to me. He sailed at the dawning, all day I've been blue. Red sails in the sunset, I'm trusting in you. Swift wings you must borrow; make straight for the shore. We marry tomorrow and he goes sailing no more. Red sails in the sunset way out on the sea, oh, carry my loved one home safely to me.
Michael Kamen - Band Of Brothers Theme.xml
You never lived to see, What you gave to me. One shining dream of hope and love life, and liberty. With a host of brave unknown soldiers for your compay you will live forever, here in our memory. In fields of sacri fice, Heroes paid the price. Young men who died for old men's wars Gone to paradise. We are all one great band of brothers and one day you'll see we can live together when all the world is free. I wish you'd lived to see, all you gave to me. Your shining dream of hope and love life, and liberty We are all one great band of brothers and one day you'll see we can live together when all the world is free.
Hal Hopper, Tom Adair - There's No You.xml
White frost glistens on my window pane, Wood fires burn upon the hill. Leaves turn rust, and I must sing a love song I remember still: I feel teh autumn breeze, It steals 'cross my pillow as soft as a willothewisp, And in it's song there is sadness because there's no you. The lonely autumn trees, How softly they're sighing, for summer is dy ing, They know that in my heart there's no gladness because there's no you. The park that we walked in, the garden we talked in, How lonesome they seem in the fall. The stormy clouds hover, And falling leave cover our favorite nook in the wall. Ibn Spring we'll meet again. We'll kiss and recapture the summertime rapture we knew, And from that day, never more will I say there's no you.
Harry Revel, Mack Gordon - You Hit The Spot.xml
You hit the spot like a balmy breeze on a night in May, You hit the spot like a cool mint julip on a summ'ry day. You hit a new high in my estimation. I had to fall, 'cause you've got so much on the ball. Oh! you hit the spot like the first embrace when the knot is tied. You hit the spot like a pipe and slippers by a fireside. Matter of factly don't know exactly what it is that you've got. But oohoohooh youoohooh hit the spot.
Marc London, Don Black - To Sir With Love.xml
Those school girl days of telling tales and biting nails are gone, but in my mind I know they will still live on and on, but how do you thank someone who has taken you from crayons to perfume. It isn't easy but I'll try, if you wanted the sky I'd write across the sky in letters that would soar a thousand feet high To Sir, with love. The time has come for closing books and long last looks must end And as I leave I know that I am leaving my best friend, A friend who taught me right from wrong, and weak from strong, that's a lot to learn. What! what can I give you in return, If you wanted the moon I would try to make a start, But I would rather, you let give my heart to sir, with love. These awkward years, have hurried by why did they fly away. Why is it sir children grow up to be people one day, What takes the place of climing trees and dirty knees in a world outside. What is there for you I can buy, If you wanted the world I's surround it with a will I'd scrawl These words with letters ten feet tall O sir with love.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da.xml
Desmond had a barrow in the market place Molly is the singer in a band Desmond says to Molly girl I like your face and Molly says this as she taked him by the hand Ob la di ob la da life goes on bra La la how the life goes on Ob la di ob la da life goes on bra la la how the life goes on in a couple of years they have built a home sweet home with a couple of kids running in the yard of Desmond and Molly Jones Happy ever after in the market place Desmond lets the children lend a hand Molly stays at home and does her pretty face and in the evening she still sings it with the band ob la di ob la da life goes on bra la la how the life goes on ob la di ob la da life goes on bra la la how the life goes on.
Gerry Rafferty - Baker Street.xml
You used to think that I was so easy, You used to see that it was so easy. But you're tryin' You're tryin'' Winding your way down on Baker Street, light in your head and dead on your feet. Well, another crazy day. You'll drink the night away and forget about ev'rything. This city dessert makes you feel so cold. He's got so many people but he's got no soul And it's taking so long to find out you were wrong when you thought it held ev'rything. Another year and then you'll be happy, Just one more year and then you'll be happy. But you're cryin', You're cryin,'
Ian Tyson - Four Strong Winds.xml
Four strong winds that blow lonely, Seven seas that run high, All those things don't change come what may But our good times are all gone And I'm bound for movin' on, I'll look for you if I'm ever back this way. I think I'll to out to Alberta Weather's good there in the fall, I got some friends that I can go to workin' for Still I wish you'd change your mind If I asked you one more time But we've been through that a hundred times or more If I get there before the snow flies And if things are goin' good, You could meet me if I sent you down the fare But by then it would be winter Ain't too much for you to do And those winds sure can blow cold way out there Four strong
Joseph Parry, John Bowring - Watchman, Tell Us of the Night.xml
Watchman, tell us of the night, What its signs of promise are. Trav'ler, o`er yon mountain's height, See that glory beaming star. Watchman, does its beauteous ray Aught of joy or hope foretell? Trav'ler, yes it brings the day, Promised day of Israel.
Derek Bernfield, Garfield de Mortimer, Paddy Roberts - Pickin' a Chicken.xml
Come to the barbequeand sit by my side, We couln't choose a better night if we tried. Can't you imagine what a thrill it would be? Pickin' a chicken with me It's so romantic, the moon up above is extra bright on a night such as this, Pulling a wishbone with someone you love is almost certain to end with a kiss. so come to the barbeque my darling, my dear, I'm so in love with you, and when you are near I get a feeling that forever you'll be, Pickin' a chicken with me
Steve Nelson, Bob Hilliard - Bouquet of Roses.xml
I'm sending you a big bouquet of roses one for evry time you broke my heart and as the door of love between us closes tears will fall like petals when we part. I begged you to be diffrent but you'll always be untrue I'm tired of forgiving now there's nothing left to do so I'm sending you a big bouquet of roses one for evry time you broke my heart.
Christine McVie - Songbird.xml
For you there'll be no crying. For you the sun will be shining cos I feel that when I'm with you it's alright. I know it's right. And the song birds keep singing like they know the score. And I love you, I love you, I love you like nev er be fore. before Like nev er be fore Like nev er before.
Bill Cogswell, Tommy Harrison and Johnny Noble - My Little Grass Shack In Kealakekua, Hawaii.xml
I wanna go back to my litle grass shack in Kealakekua, Hawaii. I want to be with all the kanes and wahines that I knew long ago. I can hear old guitars aplaying, on the beach at Hoonaunau. I can hear the Hawiians saying, "Komomai no kaua ika hale welakahao" it won't be long 'til my ship will be sailing back to Kona A grand old place that's always fair to see. I'm just a little Hawiian and a homesick Island boy, I want to go back to my fish and poi, I want to go back to my little grass shack in Ke a lakekua, Hawaii. Where the Humuhumunukunuku a puaa goes swimming by. Where the Humuhumunukunuku a puaa goes swimming by.
Frank Miller, Richard Dehr, Terry Gilkyson - Memories Are Made Of This.xml
Take one fresh and tender kiss add one stolen night of bliss one girl one boy some grief some joy Memories are made of this then add the wedding bells one house where lovers dwell Three little kids for the flavor stir caref'ly thru the days see how the flavor stays these are the dreams you will savor Memories are made of this.
Frank Weldon, James Cavansugh, John Redmond - Christmas In Killarney.xml
The holly green, the ivy green, the prettiest picture you've ever seen is Christmas in Killarney, with all of the folks at home. It's nice you know to kiss your beau while cuddling under the mistletoe, and Santa Claus, you know of course is one of the boys from home. The door is always open, the neighbors pay a call and Father John before he's gone, will bless the house and all. How grand it feels to click your heels, and join in the fun of the jigs and reels. I'm handing you no blarney, the likes you've never known, Is Christmas in Killarney, with all of the folks at home. The all of the folks at home.
Earl Hines & Henry Woode - Rosetta.xml
Rosetta, My Rosetta In my heart dear, there's noone but you; You told methat you loved me Never leave me for somebody new; You've made my whole life a dreamI pray you'll make it come true; Rosetta, My Rosetta, Please say, I'm just the one dear for you.
Georges Ulmer, Charles Newman - Pigalle.xml
What makes Paree like Paree ought to be all the natives agree Pigalle wonderful street where the simple folks meet with the social elite Pigalle Sidewalk cafes waiters balancing trays, morning night and noon Taxi cabs toot, while a guy on a flute fingers Claire de Lune mademoiselles wink their eyes at the swells where the corner sign spells Pigalle take it from me when you visit Paree yes you better had see Pigalle.
Billy Faber, Maurie Hartmann, Johnny Kamano - I'm A Lonely Little Petunia In An Onion Patch.xml
I'm a lonely little Petunia in an onion patch, an onion patch, an onion patch I'm a lonely little Pe tunia in an onion patch oh wont you come and play with me Boohoo boo hoo oh wont you come and playayay with me I'm a lonely little Petunia in an onion patch oh wont you come and playay with me
Gerald Marks, Irving Caesar, Sammy Lerner - Is It True What They Say About Dixie.xml
Is it true what they say about Dixie? Does the sun really shine all the time? Do the sweet magnolias blossom at ev'rybodies door? Do folks keep eating possum, 'till they can't eat no more? Is it true what they say about Swanee? Is a dream by that stream so sublime? Do they laugh, do they love, like they say in ev'ry song? If it's true that's where I belong. Is it true long.
James Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Suddenly It's Spring.xml
Why is my heart dancing? Imagine dancing! You look at me and suddenly it's spring. Why do I keep sighing? Not sad, just sighing. I'm young and free and suddenly it's spring. High on a hilltop love is calling, someone should wish me happy falling. No more being lonely, can I be lonely? You look at me and suddenly ti's spring. spring.
R. Alex Anderson - Mele Kalikimaka.xml
Mele kalikimaka is the thing to say On a bright Hawaiian Christmas Day That's the island greeting that we send to you from the land where palm trees sway Here we know that Christmas will be green and bright The sun to shine by day and all the stars at night Mele Kalikimaka is Hawaii's way to say "Merry Christmas to You"
Horatio Nicholls, Edgar Leslie - Among My Souvenirs.xml
There's nothing left for me; of days that used to be I live in memory among my souven irs Some letters tied in blue, a photograph or two, I see a rose from you among my souvenirs. A few more tokens rest within my treasure chest, and though they do their best to give me consolation. I count them all apart, and as the tear drops start, I find a broken heart ammong my souven irs
William Henry Monk (Eventide)  1861, Henry Francis Lyte  1847 - Abide With Me.xml
Abide With Me, fast falls the eventide, The darkness deepens, Lord, with me abide. When other helpers fail and comforts flee, Help of the helpless, O Abide with Me.
Leo Robin and Ralph Rainger - Love In Bloom.xml
Can it be the trees that fill the breeze with rare and magic perfume? Oh, no, it isn't the trees, It's love in bloom! Can it be the spring that seems to bring the stars right into my room? Oh no, it isn't the spring, It's love in bloom. My heart was a desert You planted a seed, And this is the flower; This hour of sweet fulfillment! Is it all a dream, the joy supreme, That came to us in the gloom? You know it isn't a dream, it's love in bloom. love in bloom.
Gerry Goffin, Carole King - Rain until September.xml
What shall I write what can I say how can I tell you how much I miss you the weather here has been as nice as it can be although it doesnt really matter much to me for all the fun I'll have while you're so far away it might as well rain until September I dont need sunny skies for things I have to do cause I stay home the whole day long and think of you as far as I'm concerned each days a rainy day so it tember my friends look for ward to the picnics on the beach yes anybody loves the summer times but you know darling while your arms are out of reach the summer isnt any friend of mine it doesnt matter whether skies are grey or blue its raining in my heart cause I cant be with you I'm only living for the day youre home to stay so it might as well rain until September september Septem ber
Paul Simon - Cecilia.xml
Celia, You're breaking my heart You're shaking my confi dence daily. Oh Cecilia, I'm down on my knees I'm begging you please to come home Celia, You're breaking my heart You're shaking my confi dence daily. Oh Cecilia, I'm down on my knees I'm begging you please to come home Ho ho home. Making love in the afternoon with Cecilia up in my bedroom I got up to wash my face when I come back to bed someone's taken my place
Cole Porter - You're The Top.xml
You're the top! You're the Colos seum! You're the top! You're the Louvr' museum, You're a melody From a symphony by Strauss, You're a Bendel bonnet, A Shakespeare sonnet, You're Mickey Mouse. You're the Nile You're the Tow'r of Pisa, You're the smile on the Mona Lisa; I'm a worthless check, a total wreck, a flop, But if Baby, I'm the bot tom, You're the top! You're the top! You're Mahatma Ghandi, You're the top! You're Napoleum brandy, You're the purple light Of a summer night in Spain, You're the Nation'l Gall'ry, You're Garbo's sal'ry, You're cellophane, You're sublime You're a turkey dinner, You're the time of the Derby winner, I'm a toy balloon that is fated soon to pop; But if Baby I'm the bottom, You're the top!
Abel Baer, Cliff Friend - June Night.xml
My skies are blue, I'm happy too, And all because I met you, dear, My heart's afire, "Love" you inspire, I have but one desire. Just give me a June night, The moon light and you. In my arms, with all your charms, 'Neath stars above and we'll make love. I'll hold you, enfold you, Then dreams will come true. So give me a June night, The moonlight and you. Just you.
Sonny Burke, Peggy Lee - Bella Notte.xml
This is the night, i'ts a beautiful night and we call it bella notte. Look at the skies, they have stars in their eyes on this lovely bella notte. So take the love of your loved one. You'll need it about this time to keep from falling like a star when you make that dizzy climb. For this is the night and the heavens are right on this lovely bella notte. notte.
Victor Young, Bing Crosby, Ned Washington - A Ghost Of A Chance.xml
I need your love so badly I love you oh so madly but I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you I thought at last I'd found you but other loves surround you and I don't stand a ghost of a change with you if you'd surrender just for a tender kiss or two you might discover that I'm the lover meant for you and I'd be true but what's the good of scheming I know I must be dreaming for I don't stand a ghost of a chance with you.
Carol Conners, David Shire - With You I'm Born Again.xml
(Billy) Come bring me your softness. Comfort me through all this madness. Woman don't you know with you I'm born again. (Syreeta) Come give me your sweetness. Now there's you there is no weekness. Lying safe within your arms I'm born again. (Billy) I was half, not whole, in step with none. (Syreeta) Reaching through this world, in need of one. (Both) Come show me your kindness. In your arms I know I'll find this. (Billy) Woman don't you know with you I'm born again. (Syreeta) Lying safe within your arms I'm born again. (Billy) Come bring me your softness. Comfort me through all this madness. Woman don't you know with you I'm born again. (Syreeta) Come give me your sweetness. Now there's you there is no weekness. Lying safe within your arms I'm born again. (Both) I was half, not whole, in step with none. Reaching through this world, in need of one. Come show me your kindness. In your arms I know I'll find this. Woman don't you know with you I'm born again. Lying safe with you I'm born again.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Oklahoma.xml
O klahoma where the wind comes sweepin' down the plain, and the wavin' wheat can sure smell sweet when the wind comes right behind the rain. O kla homa ev'ry night my honey lamb and I, sit alone and talk and watch a hawke making lazy circles in the sky. We know we belong to the land and the land we belong to is grand! And when we say yeeow! Ayipioeeay! We're only sayin' you're doin' fine Oklahoma! Okla homa O. K. K.
Frank Loesser - A Bushel And A Peck.xml
I love you A Bushel And A Peck A Bushel And A Peck and a hug around the neck Hug around the neck and a barrel and a heap Barrel and a heap and I'm talkin' in my sleep about you about you 'Cause I love you A Bushel And A Peck y' bet your purty neck I do Doodle oodle Doodle doodle oodle oodle doodle oodle oodle ooo. I love you A Bushel And A Peck A Bushel And A Peck tho' you make my heart aa wreck Make my heart a wreck and you make my life a mess Make my life a mess yes a mess of happiness about
Lew Quadling, Eddy Howard, Dick Jurgens - Careless.xml
Careless now that you've got me loving you, You're careless careless in ev'rything you do. You break appointments and think you are smart. If you're not careful You'll break my heart. Careless now that my bridges all are burned, Your're careless Careles in things where I'm concerned, Are you just careless as you seem to be? Or do you just care less for me? me?
Victor  Schertzinger, Frank Loesser - Sand In My Shoes.xml
Sand in my shoes. Sand from Havana. Calling me to that ever so heavenly shore. Calling me back to you once more. Dreams in the night, dreams of Havana. Dreams of a love I haven't the strength to refuse. Darling the sand is in my shoes. Deep in my veins the sensuous strains of the soft guittars. Deep in my soul the thundering roll of a tropic sea. under the stars. That was Havana You are the moonlit mem'ry I can't seem to lose. That's why my life's an aimless cruise. All that is real is the feel of the sand in my shoes!.
Richard A. Whiting, Raymond B. Egan - Till We Meet Again.xml
There's a song in the land of the lilly Each sweetheart has heard with a sigh. O ver high garden walls this sweet echo falls As a soldier boy whispers goodbye: Smile the while you kiss me sad adieu When the clouds roll by I'll come to you. Then the skies will seem more blue, Down in Lover's Lane, my dearie. Wedd ing bells will ring so merrily Ev'ry tear will be a memory. So wait and pray each night for me Till we meet again.  bye  means the birth of a tear drop, Hel lo means the birth of a smile. And the smile will erase the tear blighting trace, When we meet in the after awhile. gain.
Carole King, Gerry Goffin - PLEASANT VALLEY SUNDAY.xml
The lo cal rock group down the street is try ing hard to learn their song They ser en ade the week end squire who just came out mow his lawn An oth er Plea sant Val ley Sun day char coal burn ing ev' ry where Rows of hous es that are all the same and no one seems to care See Mis sus Grey she's proud to day be cause her ros es are in bloom And Mist er Green he's so ser ene; he's got a T. V.in ev' ry room Here in stat us sym bol land Moth er com plain ab out how hard liofe is and the kids just don't under stand Crea ture com fort goals they on ly numb my soul and make it hard for me to see My thoughts all seem to stray To plac es far a way I need a change of scen er y
Alpine folk tune (adapted by Rossini), Andy Stewart - A Scottish Soldier.xml
There was a soldier, a Scottish soldier, Who wandered far away and soldiered far away, There was none bolder with good broad shoulder, He's fought in many a fray, and fought and won. He's seen the glory and told the story, Of battles glorious and deeds victorious, But now he's sighing, his heart is crying, To leave these green hills of Tyrol Because these green hills are not highland hills, Or the island hills, they're not my land's hills, And fair as these green foreign hills may be, They are not the hills of home.And now this soldier, this Scottish soldier, Who'd wandered far away and sol diered far away, Sees leaves are falling and death is calling, And he will fade away inthat far land. He called his piper, his trusty piper, And bade him sound alay, a pibroch sad to play, Upon a hillside, but Scottish hillside, Not on these green hills of Tyrol.
Hank Williams - I Won't Be Home No More.xml
You're just in time to be too late, I tried to, but I couldn't wait and now I've got another date so I won't be home no more You're just in time to miss the boat, so don't take off your hat and coat be on your way, that's all she wrote 'cause I won't be home no more I stood around a month or two and waited for your call now I'm too busy pitchin' woo, so come around next fall I scratched your name right off my slate and hung a sign on my front gate 'you're just in time to be too late and I won't be home no more
Charles Strouse, Lee Adams - One Last Kiss.xml
Oh, One Last Kiss, oh, baby one last kiss, It never felt like this, oh, baby, not like this, you know I need your love. Oh! Oh! Oh! Give me one last kiss! Oh, one more time, Oh, baby, one more time, You make me feel sublime, Oh, baby it's sublime, you know I need your love, Oh! Oh! Oh! Give me one last kiss! Darling, it isn't right, why must we say goodnight? Don't let me go like this. Baby, I need you so but if I have to go, just give me one last kiss! Oh, one last kiss! oh, baby, one last kiss, It never felt like this, oh, baby, not like this, you know I need your love. Oh! Oh! Oh! Give me one last kiss! Oh, one more kiss!
Saxie Dowell - Playmates.xml
Playmate come out and play with me and bring your dollies three, climb up my apple tree, look down myrain barr'l, slide down my cellar door and we'll be jolly friends forever more. She couldn't come out and play, it was a sunny day, with tearful eye she breathed a sigh and I could hear her say, I'm sorry! Playmate I cannot play with you, my dollies have the flu, boohoo hoo hoo hoo hoo, ain't got no rain barr'l, ain't got no cellar door, but we'll be jolly friends forever more.
Boorer, Morrissey - MY LOVE LIFE.xml
Come on to my house Come on and do some thing new I know you love one per son so why can't you love two? Give a lit tle some thing Give a lit tle some thing to MY LOVE LIFE MY LOVE LIFE MY LOVE LIFE OH to MY LOVE LIFE MY LOVE LIFE MY LOVE LIFE OH
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz hart - You Took Advantage Of Me.xml
I'm a sentamental sap that's all. What's the use of trying not to fall? I have no will, you've made your kill 'Cause you took advantage of me! I'm just like an apple on a bough, And you're gonnashake me down somehow, So what's the use you've cooked my goose 'Cause you took advantage of me! I'm so hot and bothered that I don't know My elbow from my ear; I suffer something awful each time you go And much worse when you're near. Here I am with all my bridges burned, Just a babe in arms where you're concerned, So lock the doors and call me yours 'Cause you took advantage of me! me!
Irving Berlin - Top Hat, White Tie and Tails.xml
I just got an invitation through the mails: "Your presence requested this evening, It's formal, a top hat, a white tie and tails." Nothing now could take the wind out of my sails. Because I'm invited to step out this evening With top hat and white tie and tails. I'm puttin' on my top hat, Tyin' up my white tie, Brushin' off my tails. I'm dudein' up my shirt front, Puttin' in the shirt studs, Polishin' my nails, I'm steppin' out, my dear, To breathe an atmosphere That simply reeks with class; And I trust that you'll excuse my dust When I step on the gas, For I'll be there, Puttin' down my top hat, Mussin' up my white tie, Dancin' in my tails.
Thad Jones 1969, Alex Wilder - A Child is Born.xml
Now out of the night soft as the dawn in to the light this Child in no cent Child soft as a fawn this child is born one small heart one pair of eyes one work of art here in my arms here He lies trust ing and warm blessed in this morn a Child is born Now out of the night soft as the dawn in to the light this Child in no cent Child soft as a fawn this child is born one small heart one pair of eyes one work of art here in my arms here He lies trust ing and warm blessed in this morn a Child is born
Bob Haggart - What's New.xml
What's new? How is the world treating you? You haven't changed a bit; lovely as ever, I must admit. What's new? How did that romance come through? We haven't met since then, gee, but it's nice to see you again. What's new? Probably I'm boring you, but seeing you is grand, and you were sweet to offer your hand, I understand. Adieu, pardon my asking what's new, of course you couldn't know I haven't changed, I still love you so.
Nino Rota, Eddie Snyder, Larry Kusic -  A Time For Us.xml
A time for us someday there'll be when chains are torn by courage born of the love that's free. A time when dreams so long denied can flourish as we unveil the love we now must hide. A time for us at last to see a life worthwhile for you and me. And with our love thru tears and thorns we will endure as we pass surely thru ev'ry storm. A time for us someday there'll be a new world, a world of shining hope for you and me. A time for me.
Paul Vance, Leon Carr - Gina.xml
Gina, Gina, I kissed you once and then I felt so wonderful, so very wonderful, Let's do it over again. Gina, Gina, I can't remember when I ever felt a kiss that made me feel like this, Let's do it over again. Look at you, oh, look at you! So warm, so sweet, so shy! Look at me, oh, look at me! I can't believe that I'm such a lucky guy to have Ginna, Gina, all for my very own, It's much too wonderful, so very wonderful, to know that Gina is mine alone. lone.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - Blue on blue.xml
Blue on blue heartache on heartache Blue on blue now that we are through Blue on blue heartache on heartache and I find I cant get over losing you walk along the street we used to walk Two by two lovers pass and as they're passing by I could die 'cause you're not here wth me Now the trees are bare, there's sadness in the air and I'm as blue as I can be Blue on blue heartache on heartache blue on blue now that we are through blue on blue heartache on heartache and I find I cant get over losing you.
Billy Joel - Piano Man.xml
It's nine o'clock on a Saturday, the regular crowd shuffles in. There's an old man sitting next to me makin' love to his tonic and gin. He says "Son, can you play me a memory? I'm not really sure how it goes, but it's sad and it's sweet and I kew it complete when I wore a younger man's clothes." Da da da de de da, da da de de da da da. Sing us a song, you're the piano man. Sing us a song tonight. Well, we're all in the mood for a melody and you've got us feelin' alright. Now John at the bar is a friend of mine. He gets me my drinks for free, and he's quick with a joke or to light up your   smoke, but there's some place that he'd rather be. He says, "Bill, I believe this is killing me," as a smile ran away from his face, "Well, Im sure that I could be a movie star if I could get out of this place." Da da da de de da, da da de de da da da Paul is a real estate novelist, who never had time for a wife, and he's talkin' with Da - vy, still in  the Na - vy and probably will be for life. And the waitress is practiceing politics as the bus'nessmen slow - ly    get stoned. Yes, the're sharing a drink they call loneliness, but it's better than drinkin' alone. [instrumental] pretty good crowd for a Saturday, and the manager gives me a smile 'cause he knows that it's me they've been comin'  to see to forget about life for awhile. An the piano sounds like a carnival, and the microphone smells like a beer, and they sit at the bar and put bread in my jar and say, "Man what are you doin' here?" Da da da de de da, da da de de da da da
Doris Fisher, Fred Fisher - Whispering Grass.xml
You promised me green grass, not to tell what you heard whispering grass say! you cant keep your word. keep your word Why do you whisper green grass? why tell the trees what aint so? whispering grass the treesdont have to know No, No, Shy tell them all your secrets? who kissed there long ago whispering grass the trees dont need to know Dont you tell it to the breeze cause she will tell the birds and bees and ev'ryone will know because you told the blabbering trees, Yes, you told them once before Its no secret any more why tell them all the old things? They're buried under the snow whispering grass dont tell the trees cause the trees dont need to know.
John Barry, B. A. Robertson - Somewhere In Time.xml
Somewhere in time, we met on timeless hills, and in the ev'ning mist we kissed and time stood still. Before the dawn we found forever; moments are timeless when I feel your caress. Love never goes, once it has touched your heart just like a scent of wine that's left as two lips part. A taste of love will linger after I find the meaning now in all that I see. You'll always be inside of me. And I know when love is true It's always with you. Somewhere in time, I came to realize love never goes.
Linda Laurie - Leave Me Alone.xml
Big ole Ruby red dress wanders round the town talkin to herself now sometimes settin down dont you get too close now Ruby runs away poor old Ruby red dress born on a sorry day I can hear her say Leave me alone won't you leave me alone please leave me alone now leave me alone leave me alone please leave me alone yes leave me.
traditional Irish tune , Eleanor Farjeon 1931 - Morning Has Broken.xml
(1,4)Morning has broken like the first morning Blackbird has spoken like the first bird Praise for the singing Praise for the morning Praise for the springing fresh from the world (2)Sweet the rains new fall sunlit from heaven like the first dewfall on the first grass Praise for seetnessness of the wet garden Sprung in completeness where his feet pass
Hoagy Carmichael, Jane Brown Thompson - I Get Along Without You Very Well.xml
I get along without you very well Of course I do ex cept when soft rains fall and drip from leaves then I recall the thrill of being sheltered in your arms Of course I do but I get along without you very well I've forgotten you, just like I should of course I have except to hear your name or someone's laugh that is the same But I've forgotten you just like I should What a guy what a fool am I To think my breaking heart could kid the moon what's in store? should I 'phone once more? No its best that I stick to my tune I get along without you very well Of course I do Except perhaps in spring, but I should never think of spring for that would surely break my heart in two two.
Irving Berlin - I'm Putting All My Eggs In One Basket.xml
I've benn a roaming Romeo, my Juliets have been many. But now my roaming days are gone. Too many irons in the fire is worse than not having any. I've had my share and from now on I'm putting all my eggs in one. basket. I'm betting ev'rything I've got on you. I'm giving all my love to one baby. Lord help me if my baby don't come thru. I've got a great big amount saved up in my love account, honey and I've decided love divided in two won't do. So I'm puttin all my eggs in one basket. I'm betting ev'rything I've got on you. (you)
Fred Meinken, Dave Ringle - Wabash Blues.xml
Oh, those Wabash blues, I know I got my dues, A lonesome soul am I, I feel that I could die, Candle light that gleams, Haunts me in my dreams, I'll pack my walkin' shoes, to lose those Wabash Blues.
Leonard Lee - Let the Good Times Roll.xml
Come on baby, let the good times roll, come on baby let me thrill your soul; come on baby let the good times roll roll on and on. Come on baby let me hold you tight' tell me evry'thing is right tonight, come on, ba by, let the good times roll, roll on and on. Come on baby gonna have a ball, put pour troubles up against the wall, Come on baby let the good times roll, roll on and on. Come on baby let us paint the town, don't let nothin' ever bring us down, come on baby let the good times roll, roll on and roll on. Feel so good in my arms, sugar baby, you're my good luck charm. Come on baby, let the good time roll, come on baby, let me thrill your soul; come on, baby let the good times roll, roll on, and roll on. roll on.
Don Raye, Gene DePaul - You Don't Know What Love Is.xml
You Don't Know What Love Is, un til you've learned the meaning of the blues. Until you've loved a love you've had to lose, You Don't Know What Love Is. You don't know how lips hurt, until you've kissed and had to pay the cost. Until you've flipped your heart and you have lost, You Don't Know What Love Is. Do you know how a lost heart fears the thought of reminiscing? And how lips that taste of tears lose their taste for kissing? You don't know how hearts burn for love that can not live, yet never dies. Until you've faced each dawn with sleepless eyes, You Don't Know What Love Is. You Love Is.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - A Wonderful Guy.xml
I'm as corny as Kansas in August. I'm as normal as blueberry pie, No more a smart little girl with a heart, I have found me a wonderful guy! I am in a conventional dither, With a conventional star in my eye. And you will note there's a lump in my throat When I speak of that wonderful guy! I'm as trite and as gay as a daisy in May, a cliché coming true! I'm bromidic and bright as a moon happy night pouring light on the dew! I'm as corny as Kansas in August, High as a flag on the Fourth of July! If you'll excuse the expression I use I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a wonderful guy!
Unknown - Underneath the Spreading Chestnut Tree.xml
Underneath the spreading chestnut tree I loved her and she loved me all the little birds went tweet tweet tweet Neath the spreading chestnut tree she said I love you and there aint no ifs or buts He said I love you and the blacksmith shouted chestnuts Underneath the spreading chestnut tree there she said she'd marry me now you ought to see our family neath the spreading chestnut tree.
Barry Manilow, Bruce Sussman, & Jack Feldman - Copacabana (At The Copa).xml
Her name was Lola, she was a show girl with yellow feathers in her hair and a dress cut down to there She would merengue and do the chacha and while she tried to be a star Tony always tended bar across the crowded floor, they worked from eight to fourThey were young and had each other who could ask for more? At the Copa Copacabana The hottest spot north of Havana At the Copa Copacabana Music and passion were always in fashion At the Copa they fell in love. His name was Rico he wore a dia mond He was escorted to his chair, he saw Lola dancing there and when she finished, he called her over But Rico went a bit too far Tony sailed across the bar and then the punches flew and chairs were smashed in twoThere was blood and a single shot but just who shot who? she lost her love.
Joe Marsala, Sunny Skylar - And So To Sleep Again.xml
And so to sleep again as if I'll ever sleep again, these restless nights go on away from you. And so to dream again, as if I'll ever dream again, my darling since you're gone my dreams are through. No other arms can ease this ache within my heart. No other lips can kiss away these tears that start. And so to sleep again, as if I'll ever sleep again, as if I'll ever love again any one but you. you.
Green, Karn, Lombardo - Coquette.xml
Tell me why you keep foolin there little coquette making fun of the one fun of the one who loves you Breaking hearts you are ruling now little coquette true hearts that are dreaming tenderly dreaming of you some day you'll fall in love as I fell in love with you maybe the one you love will just be foolin' and when you're all alone withe all your regrets you know little coquette you will know that I love you
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz hart - With A Song In My Heart.xml
With a song in my heart I behold your adorable face, Just a song at the start, But it soon is a hymn to your grace. When the music swells, I'm touching your hand It tells that you're standing near, and at the sound of your voice, Heaven opens its portals to me. Can I help but rejoice That a song such as ours came to be? But I always knew I would live life through With a song in my heart for you. you.
Salvatore d'Esposito, English words by Kermit Goell - How wonderful to know [Anema e core].xml
How wonderful to know you really love me How wonderful to know you really care How beautiful to feel my arms around you kissing your eyes hearing your sighs touching your hair How wonderful to share sunshine and laughter To fill my empty heart with love divine To live this life with you now and hereafter How wonderful to know that you are mine.
Al Piantadosi, Marshall Montgomery - Pal Of My Cradle Days.xml.1
Pal of my cradle days, I've needed you always, Since I was a baby upon your knee, You sacrificed ev'rything for me. I stole the gold from your hair. I put the silver threads there, I don't know any way I could ever repay, Pal of my craddle days. days.
Kal Mann, Bernie Lowe - Teddy Bear.xml
Baby let me be your lovin teddy bear put a chain around my neck and lead me anywhere oh let me be your teddy bear I dont want to be your tiger cause tigers play too rough I dont want to be your lion cause lions aint the kind upi love enough Just wanna be your teddy bear put a chain around my neck and lead me anywhere oh let me be your teddy bear Baby let me be around you ev'ry night run you fingers through my hair and cuddle me real tight bear
Aaron Williams, Isaac Watts - Come, We That Love the Lord.xml
Come, we that love the Lord, And let our joys be known. Join in a song with sweet ac cord, And thus surround the throne.
Michael Masser, Linda Creed - The Greatest Love Of All.xml
I believe the children are the future teach them well and let them lead the way show them all the beauty they possessinside give them a sense of pride to make it easier let the childrens laughter reming us how we used to be. Ev ry bodys searching for a hero People need someone to look up to I never found an yone who fullfilled that need a lonely place to be so I learned to depend on me I decided long ago never to walk in anyones shadow if I fail if I succeed at least I lived as I believe no matter what they take from me they cant take away my dignity because the greatest love of all is happening to me. I found the greatest love of all inside of me The greatest love of all is easy to achieve learning to love yourself is the greatest love of all.
John Barry, Tim Rice - All Time High.xml
All I wanted was a sweet distracion for a hour or two. Had no intention to do the things we've done. Funny how it always goes with love, when yu don't look, you find. But then we're two of a kind, we move as one. We're an all time high, we'll change all that's gone before. Doing so much more than falling in love. On an all time high, we'll take on the world and wait. So hold on tight, let the flight begin. I don't want to waste a waking moment; I don't want to sleep I'm in so strong and so deep. and so are you. In my time I've said these words before, but now I realize my heart was telling me lies, for you they're true. We're and all time high, we'll change all that's gone before. Doing so much more than falling in love. On an all time high, we'll take on the world and wait. So hold on tight let the flight begin. so hold on tight let the flight begin. We're and all time high.
Traditional - On Top Of Old Smokey.xml
On top of Old Smokey All cover'd with snow. I lost my true lover, For courtin' too slow.For courtin's great pleasure And flirtin' is grief A false heartedlover is worse than a thief On thief.
Julia Fabrin Jakobsen, Thomas Stengaard, Lise Cabble - Only Teardrops.xml
The sky is red tonight. We're on the edge tonight. No shooting star to guide us. Eye for an eye, why tear each other apart? Please, tell me why, why do we make it so? I look at us now, we only got ourselves to blame, it's such a shame. (Tell me) how many times can we win and lose? How many times can we break the rules? Between us only teardrops How many time do we have to fight? How many times till we get it right? Between us only teardrops. (Tell me) So come and face me now. Here on this stage tonight let's leave the past behind us. now what's come between us? What's come between us? Only teardrops! Tell me now what's come between us? What's come between us? How many times can we win and lose? How many times can we break the rules? Between us only teardrops How many time do we have to fight? How many times till we get it right? Between us only teardrops. Only teardrops! Only teardrops! Only teardrops! How many times can we win and lose? How many times can we break the rules? Between us only teardrops How many time do we have to fight? How many times till we get it right? Between us only teardrops.
Nevins, Morrissey - YOU'RE GONNA NEED SOMEONE BY YOUR SIDE.xml
With the world's fate rest ing on your should er you're gon na need some one on your side you can't do it by your self an y long er you're gon na need some one on your side Some one kind ly told me that you'd wast ed Eight of nine lives Ahh, give your self a break be fore you break down you're gon na need some bod y soon And here I AM and here I Am! Well, you don't have to look so pleased! Day or nite there is no dif 'frence you're gon na need some one by yor side
Sam Cooke - What a Wonderful World.xml
Dont know much about history dont know much bi ology dont know much about science book dont know much about the French I took but I do know that I love you And I know that if you love me too (Chorus) what a wonderful wonderful world this would be Dont know much about geography dont know much trigonometry dont know much about algebra dont know what a slide rule is for but I do know one and one is two And if this one could be with you be what a derful wonderful wonderful world Now I dont claim to be an "A" student but I'm try'n to be I think that maybe by bein an "A" student baby baby I could win your love for me
Peggy Lee & Dave Barbour - Manana.xml
The faucet she is dripping and the fence she's falling down, my pocket needs some money so I can't go into town, my brother isn't working and my sister doesn't care, the car she needs a motor so I can't go anywhere. Manana, Manana, Manana is soon enough for me. My mother's always working, she's working very hard, but evry time she looks for me I'm sleeping in the yard, my mother thinks I'm lazy and maybe she is right, I'll go to work Manana, but I gotta sleep tonight.me.
Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim - Tonight.xml
Tonight, tonight won't be just any night. Tonight there will be no morning star. Tonight, tonight I'll see my love tonight, and for us, stars will stop where they are! Today the minutes seem like hours, The hours go so slowly and still the sky is light. Oh moon grow bright, and make this endless day, endless night, tonight. Tonight.
Gigi Gryce, Jon Hendricks - Social Call.xml
Happenned to pass your doorway, gave you a buzz, that's all. Lately I thought lots about you so I thought I'd pay a social call. Do you recall the old days, we used to have a ball. Not that I'm lonesome without you, I just thought I'd pay a social call. I lie and say things are just swell, but to tell the truth: I haven't been to well. And if you should try to kiss me I wouldn't even stall. Maybe we'll get back together starting with this incidental elemental simple social call.
Jason Mraz - I Won't Give Up.xml
When I look into your eyes It's like watching the night sky Or a beautiful sunrise There's so much they hold And just like them old stars I see that you've come so far To be right where you are. How old is your soul I won't give up on us Even if the skies get rough I'm giving you all my love I'm still looking up And when you're needing your space to do some navigating I'll be here patiently waiting to see what you find Cause even the stars they burn Some even fall down the earth We've got a lot to learn God knows we're worth it No I won't give up I don't wanna be someone who walks away so easi ly I.m here to stay and make the difference that I can be Our differences they do a lot to teach us how to use the tools and gifts we got yeah we got a lot at stake And in the end you're still my friend at least we did intend for us to work we didn't break we didn't burn We had to learn how to bend without the world caving in I had to learn what I've got and what I'm not and who I am I won't give up on us Even if the skies get rough I.m giving you all my love I'm still looking up Still looking up I won't give up on us God knows I'm tough enough We've got a lot to learn God knows we're worth it I won't give up on us Even if the skies get rough I'm giving you all my love I'm still looking up.
John D. Loudermill - Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye.xml
Kiss me each morning for a million years. Hold me each evening at your side. Tell me you love me for a million years. Then if it don't work out, if it don't work out, then you can tell me goodbye. Sweeten my coffee with a morning kiss. Soften my dreams with your sighs. Tell me you love me for a million years. Then if it don't work out, if it don't work out, then you can tell me goodbye. If you must go, oh no, I won't grieve. if you wait a lifetime before you leave. But, if you must go, Mmm, I won't tell you no, just so that we can say we tried. Tell me you love me for a million years. Then if it don't work out, if it don't work out, then you can tell me goodbye.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Here In My Arms.xml
Here in my arms it's adora ble! It's deplora ble That you were never there. When little lips are so kissable It's permissable For me to ask my share Next to my heart it is ever so lonely, I'm holding only air, While here in my arms it's a dorable! It's deplorable That you were never there. there.
Billy Joel - New York State of Mind.xml
Some folks like to get away, take a holiday from the neighborhood. Hop a flight to Miami Beach or to Hollywood. But I’m takin’ a Greyhound on the Hudson River Line, I'm in a New York State of mind.
Harry Warren, Johnny Mercer - On The Atchison, Topeka And The Santa Fe.xml
Do yuh hear that whistle down the line? I figure that it's engine number forty nine, She's the only one that'll sound that way. On the Atchison, Topeka and the Snata Fe. See the ol' smoke risin 'round the bend, I reckon that she knows she's gonna meet a friend, Folks around these parts get the time o' day From the Atch ison, Topeka and the Santa Fe. Here she comes! Ooh, ooh, ooh, Hey, Jim! you better git the rig! Ooh, ooh, ooh, She's got a list o' passengers that's pretty big. And they'll all want lifts to Brown's Hotel, ''Cause lots o' them been travelin' for quite a spell, All the way from Philadelphiay, On the Atchison, Topeka, and the Santa Fe. Do yuh SantaFe.
Earl Burtnett, Harry D. Kerr, John Cooper - Do You Ever Think Of Me.xml
When you have another's arms about you, Do you ever think of me? When you whisper, "I can't live without you," Do you ever think of me? And when your eyes disguise the same old loving lies, You tell so tenderly Deep in your heart unfeeling When soem heart you're stesling, Do you ever think of me?
Edward Holland, Lamont Dozier and Brian Holland - Heatwave.xml
Whenever I'm with him something inside starts to burnin' and I'm filled with desire. Could it be a devil in me, or is this the way love's supposed to be? heatwave burnin in my heart: I can't keep from cryin', it's tearin' me apart. Whenever he calls my name soft low, sweet and plain, I feel, yeah, yeah, well, I feel that burnin' flame. Has high blood pressure got a hold on me, or is this the way love's supposed to be? It's like a
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - No Other Love.xml
No other love have I only my love for you only the dream we knew No other love watching the night go by wishing that you could be Watching the night with me into the night I cry hurry home come home to me set me free free from doubt and free from longing into your arms I'll fly locked in your arms I'll stay waiting to hear you say No other love have I No other love
Mike Hawker & Udo Jurgens - The Music Played.xml
An angry silence lay where love had been and in your eyes a look I'd never seen. If I had found the words you might have stayed, but as I turned to speak, The Music Played. As lovers danc'd their way around the floor, I sat and watch'd you walk towards the door, I heard a friend of yours suggest you stay, and as you took his hand. The Music Played. Across the darkened room the fatal signs I saw, you'd been something more than friends before, while I was hurting you by clinging to my pride, he had been waiting, and I drove you to his side. I couldn't say the things I should have said, refused to let my heart control my head, but I was made to see the price I paid, and as he held you close, The Music Played.
Nelly Furtado - Try.xml
All I know Is ev'rything is not as it's sold but the more I grow the less I know And I have lived so many lives Though I'm not old And the more I see, the less I grow The fewer the seeds the more I sow Then I see you standing there Wanting more from me And all I can do is try Then I see you standing there Wanting more from me And all I can do is try... try... I wish I hadn't seen all of the realness And all the real people are really not real at all The more I learn the more I learn The more I cry the more I cry. As I say goodbye to the way of life I thought I had designed for me Then I see you standing there Wanting more from me And all I can do is try Then I see you standing there Wanting more from me And all I can do is try... Ooh, try... Try Try All of the moments already passed We'll try to go back and make them last All of the things we want eachother to be We never will be we never will be and that's wonderful, and that's life that's you baby This is me, baby we are we are we are, we are, we are we are free in our love we are free in our love Try
Bob Dylan - TO MAKE YOU FEEL MY LOVE.xml
When the rain is blow ing' in your face and the whole world is on your case I could of fer you a warm em brace to make you feel my love When the eve nin' shad ows and the stars ap pear And there is no one there to dry your tears (And) I could hold you for a mill ion years to make you feel my love I know you have n't made your mind up yet But I would nev er do you wrong I know it from the mom ent that we met No doubt in my mind where you be long I'd go hun gry I'd go black and blue I'd go crawl in' down the av en ue There's noth ing that I would n't do to make you feel my love There's noth ing that I would n't do to make you feel my love
Hans Engelmann, Tom Glazer  - Melody Of Love.xml
Hold me in your arms dear dream with me Cradled by your kisses tenderly while a choir of an gels from above sings our melody of love heart to heart forever lips entwine I am yours and you are mine all mine heaven wrote the music up above for our  melody of love.
Felice Bryant & Boudleaux Bryant - Have A Good Time.xml
Goodbye I hate to see you go but have a good time So long, I'll miss you, Dear, I know but have a good time Have your fling, be gay with your new love I'm setting you free Dance and sing, pretend that it's true love Don't worry 'bout me. I know that tears will only drive you farther away Just go, forget that I'm alive, it's your holiday When you've tired of being reckless and carefree, remember that I'm waiting to welcome you home, so have a good time. Good time.
Bennie Benjamin, Eddie Seiler, Sol Marcus - I Don't Want To Set The World On Fire.xml
I don't want set world on fire I just want to star a flame in your heart In my heart I have but one de si re and that one is you No other will do I've lost my ambition for world ly aclaim I just want to be the one you love and with your admission that you feel the same I'll have reached the goal I'm dreaming of beleive me! I don't want to set the world on fi re I just want to start a flame in your heart.
Daniel Alomia Robles  1913 based on traditional Andean folk tunes, Spanish lyrics: Daniel Alomia Robles - English: Paul Simon - .xml
I'd rather be a sparrow than a snail yes I would if I could I surely would Hmm I'd rather be a hammer than a nail Yes I would if I only could I surely would Hmm Away I'd rather sail away like a swan thats here and gone A man gets tied up to the ground He gives the world its saddest sound its sad dest sound rather be a forest than a street I'd rather feel the earth beneath my feet.
Dave Brubeck, Iola Brubeck - When I Was Young.xml
When I was young the world seemed so gay. The lollipops would last for a day. The movies has a dime matinee when I was young. Life was gay. Re member when I rode in your car? Your ather somked a ten cent cigar. You handed me the ring with the star. Did you once dream we'd go this far?
American Gospel Song 1925 - This Train (is bound for glory).xml
This train is bound for flory, this train, This train is bound for glory this train, This train is bound for flory, don't carry nothin' but the righteous and the holy, This train is bound for glory, this train. This train don't carry no gamblers, this train, This train don't carry no gamblers this train, This train don't cary no gamblers, no crapshooters or midnight ramblers,
Irving Berlin - Steppin' Out With My Baby.xml
Steppin' out with my baby. Can't go wrong 'cause I'm in right. It's for sure, not for maybe, that I'm all dressed up tonight. Steppin' out with my honey, can't be bad to feel so good. Never felt quite so sunny. And I keep on knockin' wood, there'll be smooth sailin', 'cause I'm trimmin' my sails. In my top hat and my white tie and my tails steppin out with my baby. Can't go wrong 'cause I'm in right. Ask me when will the day be, the big day might be tonight. be to night.
Harry Woods - I'll Never Say Never Again.xml
I'll never say "never again," again, Cause here I am in love again, Head over heels in love again with you! I'll never say "Never kiss you again," Cause here I'm kissing you again. That's just the thing I said I'd never do. I walked away and said "goodbye," I was hasty wasn't I? I missed you so I thought I'd die, but it's all over now, throw my hat in the sky! I'll never say "Never" again," again, Cause here I am in love again. Head over heels in love again with the same sweet you! I'll you!
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Yesterday.xml
Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away, Now it looks as though they're here to stay, Oh I believe in Yester day. Why she had to go I don't know, she wouldn't say. I said something wrong, now I long for Yesterday. Yesterday, love was such an easy game to play Now I need a place to hide away Oh I believe in Yesterday Mm mm mm mm mm mm mm.
Cole Porter - You Do Something To Me.xml.1
I was mighty blue, Thought my life was thru, 'Till the heavens opened, And I gazed at you. Won't you tell me dear, Why, when you appear, something hapens to me And the strangest feeling goes thru' me. You do something to me, Spomething that simply mystifies me. Tell me, why should it be you have the pow'r to hypnotize me? Let me live 'neath your spell, Do do that voodoo that you do so well. For you do something to me, That nobody else could do. do.
Peter Udell and Gary Geld - Sealed With a Kiss.xml
'Though we gotta' say goodbye for the summerdarling, I promise you this, I'll send you all my loveevery day in a letter sealed with a kiss. Yes, it's gonna' be a cold lonley summer, but I'll fill the emptiness. I'll send you all my dreamsevery day in a letter sealed with a kiss. I'll see you in the sunlight, I'll hear your voice everywhere, I'll run to tenderly hold you, but darling, you won't be there. I don't want to say goodbye for the summer, knowing the love we'll miss. Oh, let us make a pledge to meet in september and seal it with a kiss, and seal it with a kiss.
Herman Hupfeld - As Time Goes By.xml
You must re– mem– ber this, a kiss is still a kiss, A sigh is just a sigh; The fun– da– men– tal things ap– ply, as time goes by. And when two lov– ers woo, they still say, "I love you," On that you can re– ly; No mat– ter what the fu– ture brings, as time goes by. Moon– light and love songs nev– er out of date, Hearts full of pas– sion, Jeal– ous– y and hate; Wo– man needs man and man must have his mate, That no one can de– ny. It's still the same old sto– ry, a fight for love and glo– –ry,– A case of do or die! The word will al– ways wel– come lov– ers, as time goes by
Tim Spencer - Room Full Of Roses.xml
If I sent a rose to you for ev'ry time you made me blue Youd have a room full of roses If I sent a rose of white for ev'ry time I cried all night You'd have a room full of roses and if you took the petals and you tore them all apart you'd be tearing at the roses just the way you tore my heart. If someday you're feeling blue and you could send some roses too well I dont want a room full of roses I just want my arms full of you.
George W Meyer, Edgar Leslie, Ray Goetz - For Me and My Gal.xml
The bells are ringing for me and my gal, The birds are singing for me and my gal.Ev 'rybody's been knowing To a wedding they're going And for weeks they've been sewing, Ev 'ry Susie and Sal. They're congregating for me and my gal, The Parson's waiting for me and my gal. And sometime I'm goin' to build a little home for two, For three or four or more, In Loveland for me and my gal. The bells are gal.
Jimmy Kennedy, Constance Carpenter - The Mistletoe Kiss.xml
When the party starts and the night is young, Go and find where the mistletoes hung. And if standing there is a pretty miss Get yourself a mistletoe kiss. If she looks at you with her wond'ring eye Just pretemd it's a big surprise. You can find romance and a lot of bliss through a simple mistletoe kiss. While your arms are 'round her your heart says "You've found her." And you wont astound her with your "I love you." When the party's over and there you are. What do you say to her ma and pa? They will understand when you tell them this, "Blame it on the mistletoe kiss." When the mistletoe kiss. Blame it on the mistletoe kiss.
Egbert Van Alstyne, Gustave Kahn - Memories.xml
'Round me at twilight come stealing, Shadows of days that are gone; Dreams of the old days revealing Mem'ries of love's golden dawn. Memories, memories, dreams of love so true. O'er the sea of memory I'm drifting back to you. Childhood days, woldwood days, among the birds and bees. You left me alone, but still you're my own! In my beautiful memories.
Jerome Kern, Dorothy Fields - Pick Yourself Up.xml
Nothing's impossible I have found, for when my chin is on the ground, I pick myself up, Dust myself off, Start all over again. Don't lose your confidence if you slip, be grateful for a pleasant trip, And pick yourself up, Dust yourself off, start all over again, Work like a soul inspired till the battle of the day is won. You may be sick and tired, But you'll be a man, my son! take a deep breath, Pick yourself up, Dust yourself off, Start all over again.
Dave Peyton, Spencer Williams, Roger Graham - I Ain't Got Nobody.xml
There's a saying going round, and I begin to think it's true: It's awful hard to love someone when they don't care 'bout you. Once I had a lovin' gal, as good as any in this town; But now I'm sad and lonely, for she's gone and turned me down. Now I ain't got nobody, And there's nobody cares for me. I'm so sad and lonely; Won't some body come and take a chance with me? I'll sing sweet love songs, honey, all the time, If you'll come and be my sweet baby mine. 'Cos I ain't got nobody, And there's nobody cares for me. No, me.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney - When I'm Sixty-Four.xml
When I get older losing my hair many years from now Will you still be sending me a Valentine Birthday greetings bottle of wine If I'd been out til quarter to three would you lock the door Will you still need me will you still feed me when I'm sixty four Oo You'll be older too (Ahah) and if you say the word I could stay with you I could be handy mending a fuse when your lights have gone You can knit a sweater by the fire side Sunday mornings go for a ride Doing the garden digging the weeds who could ask for more Every summer we can rent a cottage in the Isle of Wight if it's not too dear We shall scrimp and save grandchildren on your knee Vera Chuck and Dave
Haldol Lllenas 1924 - Wonderful.xml
O my heart sings to day sings of joy and glad ness Je sus saves sat is fies takes a way my sad ness guilt is gone peace is mine peace like to a riv er Je sus is won der ful might y to del iv er won der ful won der ful Je sus is to me Coun sel or Prince of Peace migh y God is He Sav ing me keep ing me from all sin and shame won der ful is my re deem er praise His name praise His name
Albert von Tilzer, Jack Norworth - Take Me Out to the Ball Game.xml
Take me out to the ball game take me out to the crowd buy me some pea nuts and crackerjack I dont care if I never get back let me root, root, root for the home team if they dont win its a shame for its one two three strikes youre out at the old ball game
Alton Delmore, Rabon Delmore, Wayne Raney, Henry Glover - Blues Stay Away From Me.xml
Blues stay away from me. Blues, why don't you let me be? Don't know why you keep on haunting me Love was never meant for me, True love was never meant for me. Seems somehow we never can agree. Life is full of misery. Dreams are like a memory, Bringing back your love that used to be. Tears so many I can't see. Years don't mean a thing to me. Time goes by, and still I can't be free.
Madonna, Ahmadzai - MUSIC.xml
Hey Mist er D J put a rec ord on I wan na dance with my ba by And when the mus ic starts I nev er wan na stop its gon na drive me cra zy MUS IC makes the peo ple come to geth er (nev er gon na stop) MUS IC makes the bour geoi sie and the reb el (nev er gon na stop) Don't think of yest er day and I don't look at the clock, I like to boog ie woo gie Its like rid ing on the wind and it nev er goes a way, Tou ches ev 'ry thing I'm in, I've got to have it ev' ry day!
Larry Fontine, Billy Faber & Fred Meadows - You Were Only Fooling.xml
You were only fooling, but I was falling in love, It's a story as old as Adam and Eve I was making love but you were making believe. You lied to me with kisses, I've tried to stop dreaming of, but You Were Only Fooling me while I was falling in love
Leonard Bernstein, Betty Comden and Adolph Green - Lucky to Be Me.xml
I used to think it might be nice to be anyone else but me. I thought that it might be a pleasant surprise to wake up as a couple of other guys. But now that I've found you I've changed my point of view. And now I wouldn't give a dime to be anyone alse but me. What a day! Fortune smiled and came my way. Bringing love I never thought I'd see. I'm so lucky to be me. What a night! Suddenly you came in sight. Looking just the way I'd Hoped you'd be. I'm so lucky to be me. I am simply thunder struck at the change in my luck. Knew at once I wanted you Never thought you'd want me too. I'm so proud you chose me from all the crowd. There's no other guy I'd rather be. I could laugh out loud, I'm so lucky to be me.
C Austin Miles 1912 - In The Garden.xml
I come to the gar den a lone while the dew is still on the ros es and the voice I hear fal ling on my ear the Son of God dis clos es and He walks with me and he talks with me and he tell me I am His own and the joy we share as we tar ry there none o ther has e ver known He speaks and the sound of His voice is so sweet the birds hush their sing ing and the mel o dy that He gave to me with in my heart is ring ing and He walks with me and he talks with me and he tell me I am His own and the joy we share as we tar ry there none o ther has e ver known I'd stay in the gar den with Him though the night a round me is fal ling but He bids me go through the voice of woe His voice to me is cal l ing and He walks with me and he talks with me and he tell me I am His own and the joy we share as we tar ry there none o ther has e ver known
F. Henri Klickmann, Harold G. Frost - Do You?.xml
Do you believe you love me? Do you want someone too? Do you always dream of me nigh and day? Won't you say that you do? Do you at times feel lonely? Do you? Please answer true, Now don't rehearse it, but just reverse it, Instead of "Do you?" just say, "You do." do."
Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - But Beautiful.xml
Love is funny or it's sad Or it's quiet or it's mad; It's a good thing or it's bad, But Beautiful! Beautiful to take a chance and if you fall, you fall And I'm thinking I wouldn't mind at all. Love is tearful or it's gay; It's a problem or it's play; It's a heartache either way, But Beautiful! And I'm thinking if you were mine I'd never let you go And that would be But Beautiful I know. Love is know.
Barry Gibb - Spicks And Specks.xml
1&3...Where is the sun that shone on my head? The sun in my life, it is dead, it is dead. ..Where is the light that would play in my street? And where are the friends I could meet I could meet? ..Where are the girls that I left far behind? The spicks and the specks of the girls on my mind.Spicks and specks Spicks and specks.
Robert Allen, Jimmy Arnold - No, Not Much!.xml
I don't want my arms around you, no, not much! I don't bless the day I found you, no, not much! I don't need you like the stars don't need the sky; I wont love you longer than the day I die. You don't please me when you squeeze me, no, not much! My heads the lightest from your very slightest touch. Baby, if you ever go, could I take it maybe so. Oh but would I like it, no, not much! I don't want my arms around you, no, not much! I don't bless the day I found you no. not much! Like a ten cent soda doesn't cost a dime; I don't want you near me only all the time. You don't thrill me when you hold me, no, not much! My brain gets hazy from you cool and crazy touch. Baby if you ever go, could I take it maybe so. Oh, but would I like it no not much! Oh but would I like it, no, not much!
David Saxon, Sammy Gallop and Robert Cook - There Must Be A Way.xml
There must be a way to help me forget that we're through. There must be a way to stop me from dreaming of you. There must be a star in the skies that isn't reflecting your eyes. I just don't know how to disguise how much I miss you. There must be a song that doesn't remind me of you. There must be a kiss to thrill me like yours used to do. I look for a way to be happy, happy with somebody new. Oh, there must be a way but I can't find the way without you. There must be a way to help me forget that we're through. There must be a song that doesn't remind me of you. I look for a way to be happy, happy with somebody new. Oh, there must be a way but I can't find the way without you.
Paul Burkhard, John Turner & Geoffrey Parsons - O, My Papa (O Mein Papa).xml
O, my Papa to me he was so wonderful O my Papa to me he was so good. No one could be, so gentle and so lovable, O my Papa, he always understood Gone are the days when he would take me on his knee, And with a smile he'd change my tears to laughter. O, my Papa, so funny, so adorable Always the clown so funny in his way O my Papa to me he was so wonderful Deep in my heart I miss him so today.
Marvin Moore, George Campbell - Four Walls.xml
Out where the bright lights are glowing you're drawn like a moth to a flame you laugh while the wine's over flowing while I sit and whisper your name four walls to hear me four walls to see four walls to near me closing in on me
Jimmie Hodges - Someday.xml
I know that someday you'll want me to want you when I'm in love with somebody else you ex pect me to be true and keep on loving you thought I am feeling blue you think I cant forget you until someday you'll want me to want you when I am strong for somebody new and though you dont want me now I'll get along some how and then I wont want you.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - This Guy's In Love With You .xml
You see this guy This guy's in love with you. Yes I'm in love Who looks at you the way I do? When you smile I can tell we know each other very well. How can I show you I'm glad I got to know you, 'cause I need your love, I want your love say you're in love, in love with this guy If not I shall die
Harold Arlen, Johhny Mercer - Accentuate The Positive.xml
You've got to accentuate the positive, eliminate the negative, latch on to the affirmative, don't mess with mister in between. You've got to spread joy up to the maximum, bring gloom down to the minimum have faith or pandemoniums liable to walk upon the scene. To Illustrate my last remark, Jonah in the whale, Noah in the ark. What did they do, just when ev'rything got so dark? "Man," they said, "We'd better accentuate the positive, eliminate the negative, latch on to the affirmative, don't mess with mister in between." You've got to tween."
Carl Fischer, Bill Carey - It Started All Over Again.xml
It started all over again, The moment I looked in your eyes, It started all over again The thrill we can never disguise; The day that we parted, so broken hearted, Will never return again Dreams I've delayed promises made, Are starting anew just for you. It started all over again The moment I held you so tight, It started all over again When we kissed away the night till dawn's early light; Now we're together, sweethearts for ever, We'll build our ro mance anew; It started all over again The moment I looked at you.
Michel LeGrand, Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman - How Do You Keep The Music Playing.xml
How do you keep the music playing? How do you make it last? How do you keep the song from fading too fast? How do you lose yourself to someone and never lose your way? How do you not run out of new thins to say? And since we know we're always changing, how can it be the same? And tell me how, year after year, you're sure your heart will fall apart each time you hear (her/his) name? I know the way I feel for you, it's now or never. The more I love the more that I'm afraid that in your eyes I may not see forever, forever. If we can be the best of lovers, yet be the best of friends, if we can try with ev'ry day to make it better as it grows, with any luck, then I suppose the music never ends.
Richard M. Sherman, Robert B. Sherman - Let's Go Fly A Kite.xml
Let's Go Fly A Kite up to the highest height! Let's Go Fly A Kite and send it soaring up through the atmosphere, up where the air is clear. Oh, Let's Go Fly A Kite!
Don Gibson - Sweet Dreams.xml
Sweet dreams of you ev ry night I go through Why can't I for get you and start my life a new in stead of hav ing sweet dreams a bout you You don't love me it's plain I should know I'll nev er wear your ring I should hate you the whole night through in stead of hav ing sweet dreams a bout you stead of hav ing sweet dreams a bout you
Martin Luther - A Mighty Fortress Is Our God.xml
A      mighty Fortress is our God. A bulwork never failing Our Helper He amid the flood Of mortal ills prevailing. For still our ancient foe doeth seek to work us woe. His craft and power are great And armed with cruel hate, On earth is not his equal. Did   we in our own strength confide, Our striving would be losing. Were not the right Man on our side, The Man of God's own choosing. Dost ask who that may be? Christ Jesus, it is He; Lord Sabaoth, His name, From age to age the same. And He must win the battle. And
J Fred Coots, Sam M Lewis - For All We Know.xml
Sweetheart the night is growing old sweetheart my love is still untold a kiss that is never tasted for ever and ever is wasted For all we know we may never meet again before you go make this moment sweet again we won't say goodnight until the last minute I'll hold out my hand and my heart will be in it for all we know this may only be a dream we come and go like a ripple on a stream so love me tonight tomorrow was made for some to morrow may never come for all we know
Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim - One Hand One Heart.xml
Make of our hands One hand, Make of our hearts One heart. Make of our vows one last vow: Only death will part us now. Make of our lives one life. Day after day one life. Now it begins, Now we start; One hand, one heart. Even death won't part us now. now.
Kris Kristofferson - Sunday Mornin' comin' down.xml
Well, I woke up Sunday mornin' with no way to hold my head that didn't hurt. And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad, so I had one more for dessert Then I fumbled through my closet for my clothes and found my cleanest dirty shirt And I shaved my face, and combed my hair, and stumbled down the stair, to meet the day. I'd smoked my brain the night before with cigarettesand songs that I'd been pickin' But I lit my first and watched a small kid cussin at a can that he was kickin' Then I crossed the empty street and caught the Sunday smell of someone fryin chicken And it took me back to somethin' that I'd lost somehow somewhere along the down In the
George P. Knauff - Wait for the Wagon.xml
Will you come with me my Phyllis dear to my blue mountain free where the blossoms smell the sweetest come rove along with me its evry Sunday morning when I am at you side we'll all jump in the wagon and all take a ride wait for the wagon wait for the wagon wait for the wagon and we'll all take a ride wait for the wagon and we'll all take a ride.
Lady Gaga - Poker Face.xml
I wanna hold 'em like they do in Texas plays: fold 'em, let 'em hit me, raise it. Baby, stay with me. Luck and intuition play the cards with spades to start. And after he's been hooked, I'll play the one that's on his heart. Oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll get him hot, show him what I got. Oh, whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'll get him hot, show him what I got. Can't read my, can't read my, no, he can't read my poker face. (She's got to love nobody.) Can't read my, can't read my, no, he can't read my poker face. (She's got to love nobody.) Ppppokerface, pppoker face. Ppppoker face, pppoker face I wanna roll with him, a hard pair we will be. A little gamblin' is fun when you're with me. Russian Roulette is not the same without a gun. And, baby, when it's love, if it's not rough it isn't fun. ppoker face. I won't tell you that I love you, kiss or hug you 'cause I'm bluffin' with my muffin. I'm not lyin', I'm just stunnin' with my love gluegunnin'. Just like a chick in the casino, take your bank before I pay you out. I promise this, promise this. Check this hand, 'cause I'm marvelous. no, he can't read my poker face (She's got to love nobody.) Can't read my, can't read my, no, he can't read my poker face. (She's got to love nobody.) Ppppoker face, pppoker face. Ppppoker face, pppoker face.
Fred Fischer 1910, Alfred Bryan - Come, Josephine, In My Flying Machine.xml
Oh, say! le us fly dear. Where, kid? to the sky, dear. Oh, you flying machine! Jump in Miss Josephine. Ship Ahoy! Oh, joy! what a feeling. Where, boy? In the ceiling. Ho, high, hoopla! we fly to the sky so high. Come Josephine in my flying machine, Going up, she goes! up, she goes! Balance yourself like a bird on a beam, In the air she goes, there she goes! Up, up, a little bit higher. Oh, my! the moon is on fire. Come, Josephine in my flying machine, Going up, all on, Goodbye! bye!
Sidney Prosen - Till I Waltz Again With You.xml
Till I waltz again with you let no other hold your charms if my dreams should+ all come true You'll be waiting for my arms till I kiss you once again keep my love locked in your heart Darling I'll return and then we will never have to part Though it may break your heart and mine the minute when its time to go remember dear each word dvine that meant I love you so Till I waltz again with you just the way we are tonight I will keep my promise true for you are my guiding light. Till I waltz again with light.
Clarence WIlliams, Spencer WIlliams - I Ain't Gonna Give Nobody None Of My Jelly Roll.xml
Little Willy Green from New Orleans, a greedy boy was he. He always wanted lots of kids just to keep him company. One day his Mom bought hin a Tootsie roll, the best candy that was made. When the kids began to hang around, little Willy said: I ain't gonna' give nobody none of my Tootsie Roll, (Tootsie Roll) I wouldn't give you a piece of my sweet, not to save your soul! (save your soul!) Daddy told me today, Just before he went away, If I'd be a good boy, He'd bring me a toy; And I'm my Daddy's pride and joy! You know there ain't no need in your just hangin' around, (hangin' a round) I know you want it, but I'm a gonna' turn you down. My Tootsie Roll is sweet! And you know it can't be beat! I know you want it, but you can't have it! I ain't a gonna' give you none! ain't gonna' give nobody none of my jelly roll, (jelly roll) I Momma told me today, Just before she went away, If I'd be a good little girl, She might put my hair in curls! You My jelly roll is sweet!
Jacques Brel, Rod McKuen - SEASONS IN THE SUN.xml
We had joy, we had fun, we had seasons in the siun; But the hills that we climbv were just seasons out of time We had joy we had fun we had seasons in the sun; But the wine and the song like the seasons have all gone Goodbye to yiou, my trusted friend We've known each other since we were nine or ten Together we've climed hills and trees learned of love and ABC's Skinned our haerts and skinned our knees. Goodbye my friend it's hard to die When all the birds are singing in the sky now that the spring is in the air Pretty girls are ev'rywhere Think of me and I'll be there. We had lives we had fun, we had seasons in the sun; But the stars we could reach were just starfisch on the
Charles Strouse, Lee Adams - A Lot Of Livin' To Do.xml
There are girls(guys) just ripe for some kissin' And I mean to kiss me a few! Oh, those girls don't know what they're missin, I've got A Lot Of Livin' To Do! And there's wine all ready for tastin' And there's Cadillacs all shiny and new! Gotta move, 'cause time is awastin' There's such A Lot Of Livin To Do! There's music to play places to go! People to see! Ev'ry thing for you and me! Life's a ball, if only you know it! And it's all just waitin' for you! You're alive so come on and show it! There's such A Lot Of Livin' To Do!
Ennio Morricone, Marilyn and Alan Bergman - I Knew I Loved You.xml
I knew I loved you, before I knew you, The hands of time would lead me to you. An ev'ning star, watched from afar it guided me here, it knew you'd be here. Now wrapped in moonlight at last together, Here in the incandescent glow, We are all we need to know, As we softly please each other, 'Til the stars and shadows glow And we sleep with our dreams among us. I knew I loved you, before I found you, I knew I'd build my world around you. Now all my days and all my nights and my tomorrows will all begin and end with you.
Joeph Bonine, Fanny Baldridge, Gergory Stone - Let's Dance.xml
So, let's dance, let's glide, light are low, How I love you! Stay by my side as we go where sweet music weaves her spell over us. Your cheek kissing mine, my sweet. Thrills me through dear. Ah! Sweet melody, come guide our feet; let's dance.
Steely Dan - Josie.xml
We're gonna Break out the hats and hooters when Josie comes home We're gonna rev up the motor scooters when Josie comes home to stay we're gonna park in the streetSleep on the beach and make it. Throw down the jam 'til the girls say "when" Lay down the lawandbreak it when Josie comes home When Josie comes homeso good She's thepride of the neighborhood She's the raw flame the livewire She prays like a Roman with hereyes on fireJo, would you love to scraple? She'll never say no Shine up the battle appleWe'll shake 'em alldowntonight we're gonna mix in the street. Strike at the stroke of midnight Dance on the bone 'til the girls say "when" Pick up what's left by daylight, when Josie comes home. When Josie comes home so badShe's the best friend we never had " "
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - Blues in the Night (My Mama Done Tol' Me).xml
My mama done to' me, when I was in kneepants, my mama done tol' me, son! A woman'll sweet talk, and give ya the big eye, but when the sweet talkin's done a woman's a twoface, a worrisome thing that leaves you to sing the blues in the night. Now the rain's afallin', hear the train acallin', whooee, (my mama done tol' me), Hear dat lonesome whistle blowin' 'cross the trestle, whooee (My mama done tol' me) A whooeeduhwhooee ol' clickety clack's aechoin' back th' blues in the night. The evenin' breeze'll start the trees to cryin' and the moon'll hide it's light, when you get the blues in the night. Take my word, the mockin' bird'll sing the saddest kind o' song, he knows things are wrong and he's right. (whistle) From Natchez to Mobile, from Memphis to St. Joe, wherever the four winds blow; I been in some big towns, an' heard me some big talk, but there is one thing I know, a woman's a twoface, a worrisome thing who'll leave you to sing the blues in the night. (Hum) My mama was right, there's blues in the night.
Eric Coates, Jack Lawrence - Sleepy Lagoon.xml
A sleepy lagoon a tropical moon and two on an island A sleepy lagoon and two hearts in tune in some lullaby land the fireflies gleam, reflects in a stream, they sparkle and shimmer a star from on high falls out of the sky and slowly grows dimmer The leaves from the trees, all dance in the breeze and float on the ripples We're deep in a spell, as nightingales tell of roses and dew The momory of this moment of love, will haunt me forever A tropical moon, a sleepy lagoon and you A sleepy la you.
Sigmund Romberg, Dorothy Donnelly - Deep In My Heart.xml
Deep in my heart, dear. I have a dream of you. Fashioned of starlight, Perfume of roses and dewOur paths may sever, But I'll remember for ever, Deep In Mt Heart, dear, Always I dream of you.
Fred Patrick, Claude Reese & Jack Val - All Dressed Up With A Broken Heart.xml
I'm all dressed up with a broken heart, pretending I'm with you. Someone else in my arms, only brings back your charms, it's a game I just can't carry thru.' When I'm alone then the teardrops start, I realise it's true. I'm all dressed up with a broken heart, and still in love with you.
Kui Lee - One Paddle, Two Paddle.xml
One paddle two paddle three paddle for to take me home fourteen on the right fourteen on the left take me to Hawaii nei noka best I went away a long time such a long time a long time ago seen enough cities to last a lifetime going away no more Singing I want to smell the flowers sweet sweet flowers where the trade winds blow, I've seen enough cities to last a lifetime Going away no more one paddle two paddle three paddle for to take me home Fourteen on the right fourteen on the left take me to Hawaii nei noka best singing one paddle two paddle three paddle for to take me home singing home
Mack David 1950, Mack David - I Don't Care If The Sun Don't Shine.xml
I don't care if the sun don't shine I get my lovin in the evenin time when I'm with my baby It's no fun with the sun around but I get go in when the sun goes down and I meet my baby that's when we kiss and kiss and kiss and then we kiss some more don't ask how many times we kiss at at a time like this who keeps score? so I  don't care if the sun don't shine I'll get my lovin in the evenin time when I'm with my baby. baby.
Richard Rogers, Oscar Hammerstein II - My Favorite Things.xml
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens Brown paper packages tied up with string These are a few of my favorite things Cream colonored ponies and crisp apple strudels doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzelwith noodles Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings These are a few of my favorite things Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes Silver white winters that melt into spring These are a few of my favorite things When the dog bites When the bee stings When I'm feeling sad I simply remember my favorite things and then I don't feel so bad
Blackmore's Night - Under a Violet Moon.xml
Dancing to the feel of the drum. Leave this world behind. We'll have a drink and toast to ourselves Under a violet moon. Tudor rose her hair in Will make you turn and stare. Try to steal a kiss at the bridge. Under a violet moon. Raise your hats and your glasses too We will dance the whole night through. We're going back to a time we knew Under a violet moon. Cheers to the knights and days of The beggers and the thieves. Living in an enchanted wood Under a violet moon. Fortune teller what do you see. Future in a card. Share your secrets tell them to me Under a violet moon Raise your hats and your glasses too. We will dance the whole night through. We're going back to a time we knew, Under a violet moon. Raise your hats and your glasses too. We will dance the whole night through. We're going back to a time we knew, Under a violet moon. moon. Raise your hats and your glasses too. We will dance the whole night through. We're going back to a time we knew, Under a violet Under a violet, under a violet moon.
Fred Heatherton - I've Got A Lovely Bunch Of Coconuts.xml
Down at an English Fair one evening I was there when I heard a showman shouting underneath a flare I've got a loverly bunch of cocoanuts there they are a standing in a a row Big ones small ones some as big as your head Give em a twist a flick of the wrist thats what the showman said I've got a lov er ly bunch of cocoanuts every ball you throw will make me rich There stands me wife the idol of me life singing roll or bowl a ball a penny a pitch singing roll or bowl a ball a penny a pitch singing roll or bowl a ball a penny a pitch roll or bowl a ball roll or bowl a ball sing ing roll or bowl a ball a penny a pitch.
Martin Nystrom 1984 - As The Deer.xml
As the deer pant eth for the wa ter so my soul long eth af ter Thee You a lone are my heart's de sire and I long to wor ship Thee. You a lone are my strength my shield to You a lone may my spir it yield. You a lone are my heart's de si re and I long to wor ship thee. As the deer pant eth for the wa ter so my soul long eth af ter Thee You a lone are my heart's de sire and I long to wor ship Thee. You a lone are my strength my shield to You a lone may my spir it yield. You a lone are my heart's de si re and I long to wor ship thee. You a lone are my strength my shield to You a lone may my spir it yield. You a lone are my heart's de si re and I long to wor ship thee.
Eddie DeLange, Irving Mills, Will Hudson - Moonglow.xml
It must have been Moonglow, way up in the blue, it must have been Moonglow that led me straight to you; I still hear you saying, "Dear one, hold on fast." And I start in praying oh Lord, please let this last, We seemed to float right thru the air, heavenly songs seemed to come from ev'rywhere; And now when there's Moonglow way up in the blue, I always remember that Moonglow gave me you.
Arthur Siegel, June Carroll - Love Is A Simple Thing.xml
Love is a simple thing, love is a silver ring, shiny as a ribbon bow, soft as a quiet snow. Love is a nursery rhyme., old as the tick of time. Love is so many things, bright as an angels wings, gentleas the morning light, long as a winter night. Love makes an old heart sing, and it fills ev'ry empty space, love is a warming place, love is a simple thing. Love is a simple thing love is a magic ring, much more fun than mistletoe, gau as a puppet show. Love is the thunder and rain, swift as a soaring plane. Love is the summer moon, gay as a big balloon wild as a storm at sea, youg as a caliope. Love is a touch of Spring, it's as sweet as a first embrace, love is a special face, love is a simeple thing.
Paul Anka - You Are My Destiny.xml
You are my destiny, You share my reverie, You are my happiness, That's what you are. You are my sweet caress You share my lonliness, You are my dream come true, That's what you are. Heav en and heaven a lone can take your love from me. 'Cause I'd be a fool to ever leave you dear, and a fool I'd never be. You are my destiny, you share my reverie. You're more than life to me. That's what you are. You are my destiny, you share my reverie. You are my happiness, That's what you are. You are my That's what you are.
Robert Guidry - See You Later, Alligator.xml
Well I saw my baby walking with another man today well, I saw my baby walking with an other man today When I asked her what's the matter this is what I heard her say: See you later alligator after while crocodile see you later alligator after while crocodile can't you see you're in my way now don't you know you cramp my style when I thought of what she told me nearly made me lose my head when I thought of what she told me nearly made me lose my head but the next time that I saw her minded her of what she said
Paul Desmond 1960 - Take 5.xml
Won't you stop and take a little time out with me. Just take five. Stop your busy day and take the time out to see I'm alive. Tho' I'm goin' out of my way just so I can pass by each day. Not a single word do we say, it's a pantomime and not a place. Still I know all eyes are for me. I feel tingles down to my feet when your smile gets much too discreet, sends me on my way. Wouldn't it be better not to be so polite, you could offer a light. Statrt a little conversation now. It's all right. Just take five. Just take five. When you stop and Just take five. Just take five. Just take five.
J.L.Molloy, G.Clifton Bingham - Just a song at twilight.xml
Just a song at twi light when the lights are low and the flickringshadows softly come and go tho the heart be weary sad the day and long still to us at twilight comes loves old song, come loves old sweet song
Wayne Shanklin 1951 - Jezebel.xml
Twould be better had I never known a lover such as you for saking dreams and all for the siren call of your arms Like a demon love possessed me you obsess me constantly what evil star is mine that my fates design should be Jezebel If ever the devil was born with out a pair of horns it was you Jezebel it was you If ever an angel fell Jezebel it was you Jezebel it was you if ever a pair of eyes promised paradise deceiving me grieving me leav ing me blue Jezebel it was you If ever the devils plan was made to torment man it was you Jezebel it was you Jezebel
William J. Gaither 1965 - The Longer I Serve Him.xml
since I start ed for the kin dom since my life He con trols since I gave my life to Je sus the long er I serv Him the swe eter He grows the long er I serve Him the swe eter He grows the more that I love Him more love He be stows each day is like hea ven my heart o ver flows the long er I serve Him the swe eter He grows ev ery need He is sup ply ing Plen teous grace He be stows ev ery day my way gets brigh ter the long er I serv Him the swe eter He grows the long er I serve Him the swe eter He grows the more that I love Him more love He be stows each day is like hea ven my heart o ver flows the long er I serve Him the swe eter He grows
Curley Williams - Half As Much.xml
If you loved me half as much as I love you, you wouldn't worry me half as much as you do. You're nice to me when there's no one else around; you only build me up to let me down. If you missed me half as much as I miss you, you wouldn't stay away half as much as you do. I know that I would never be this blue, if you only loved me half as much as I love you. If you you.
Cole Porter - Friendship.xml
If you're ever in a jam, here I am. if you're ever in a mess SO.S If you ever feel so happy, you land in jail; I'm your bail. It's friendship, friendship, Just a perfect blendship. When other friendships have been forgot, Ours will still be hot. Lahdleahdleahdl, dig, dig dig,  If you're ev er up a tree, phone to me. If you're ever down a well ring my bell If you ever lose your teeth and your'e out to dine; borrow mine. It's friendship, friendship, Just a perfect blendship. When other friendships have been forgate, Ours will still be great. Lahdle
Wilson Stone - Back In The Old Routine.xml
I'd give the world to start all over, Back in the old routine. To live my life in fields of clover, Back in the old routine Give me my old straw hat and adouble truckin' down the avenue we'll go; Folks passin' by us, will stop and eye us, And soon there'll be more all calling "Encore',"l we'll walk in a wonderful glow. Oh, gee the joy to be there pluggin' Back in the old routine, You're up, you're down, you're in there sluggin', Back in the old routine Oh!give me the jazz the razzmatazz, and we'll tread on Heaven's scene; Back in the old routine.
Melvin Endsley - Singing The Blues.xml
Well I never felt more like singing the blues cause I never thought that I'd ever lose your love dear Why'd you do me this way? Well I never felt more like crying all night cause evrythings wrong and nothing is right without you You got me singing the blues The moon and stars no longer shine the dream is gone I thought was mine there's nothing left for me to do but cry over you well, I never felt more like running away but why should I go cause I couldn't stay without you You got me singing the blues. Well I blues.
Don Marcotte, Jack Elliott - I Think Of You.xml
In the hush of eve'ning, as shadows steal across my lonely room, I think of you, I think of you. From afar the music of violins comes softly through the gloom, All I can do is think of you. Oh! I can see you standing there before me, And I can hear you whisper you adore me. So when dusk is falling, I live again the loveliness we knew I think of you, I think of you.
Kirk Talley - He Is Here.xml
He is here hal le lu jah He is here a men He is here ho ly ho ly I will bless his name a gain He is here lis ten close ly He is cal ling out your name He is here you can touch Him you will nev er be the same I sense an awesome mov ing of the ho ly spi rit I see His coun te nence rest ing on your face I know that there are an gels hov ring all a round us for the pres ence of the Lord is in this place He is here hal le lu jah He is here a men He is here ho ly ho ly I will bless his name a gain He is here lis ten close ly He is cal ling out your name He is here you can touch Him you will nev er be the same I searched for peace a mong the shad dows dark and lone ly I gave up on find ing that long and lasting love I tast ed all the things that sin could think to of fer me but to day I feast on man na from above. He is here hal le lu jah He is here a men He is here ho ly ho ly I will bless his name a gain He is here lis ten close ly He is cal ling out your name He is here you can touch Him you will nev er be the same
Bob Merrill - Doggie In The Window.xml
How much is that doggie in the window the one with the waggley tail how much is that dog gie in the windowI do hope that doggies for sale I must take a trip to California and leave my poor sweetheart alone If he has a dog he wont be lonesome and the doggie will have a good home how I read in the pa pers there are robbers with flashlights that shine in the dark my love needs a dog gie to protect him and scare them away with one bark I dont want a bun ny or a kitty I dont want a parrot that talks I dont want a bowl of little fishes He cant take a goldfish for walks How much is that dog gie in the window the one with the waggley tail how much is that dog gie in the window I do hope that doggies for sale.
Victor Young, Mack David - Call Of The Far Away Hills.xml
Shadows fall on the prarie. Day is done and the sun is slowly fading out of sight. I can hear oh so clear, a call that echoes in the night. Yes, I hear, sweet and clear the call of the far away hills. There's no rest on the prarie. There's no rest for a restless soul that just was born to roam. Who can say maybe way out there my heart may find a home? And I hear, sweet and clear the call of the far away hills. There are trails I've never seen, and my dreams are getting lean and beyond the sunset there are brand new thrills. When a new dream or two may be just one star away, I must obey the call of the far away hills.
New Orleans Rhythym Kings, Walter Melrose - Tin Roof Blues.xml
I have seen the bright lights burning up and down old Broadway. Seen 'em in gay Havana, Burmingham Alabama, and say, they just can't compare with my hometown, New Orleans. 'Cause there you'll find the old Tin Roof Cafe, where they play the blues till break of day. Fascinatin' babies hangin' 'round, dancin' to the meanest band in town. Lawd, how they can play the blues, and when the leader man starts playin' low, folks get up and start to walk it slow. Do a lot of movements hard to beat. Till that old floorman says "Move your feet," Lawd, I've go thoes Tin   Roof Blues.
Rod McKuen - Jean.xml
Jean, Jean, roses are red, all the leaves have gone green: and the clouds are so low, you can touch them and so come out to the meadow, Jean. Jean, Jean you're young and alive; come out of your half dreamed dream; and run, if you will, to the top of the hill. Open your arms, bonnie Jean. Till the sheep in the valley come home my way, til' the stars fall around me and find me alone; when the sun comes a singin' I'll still be wait in' Jean, Jean, roses are red, all the leaves have gone green: And the hills are ablaze with the moon's yellow haze, Come into my arms bonnie Jean. Jean, Jean you're young and alive; come out of your half dreamed dream; and run, if you will, to the top of the hill. Open your arms, bonnie Jean.
Ray Noble - Love Is The Sweetest Thing.xml
Love is the sweettest thing, What else on earth could ever bring Such happi ness to ev'rything As love's old story. Love is the stranggest thing, No song of birds upon the wing Shall in our hearts more sweetly sing Than loves old story. Whatever heart may desire, Whatever fate may send, This it the tale that never will tire, This is the song without end. Love is the greatest thing, The oldest yet the latest thing, I only hope that fate may bring, Love's story to you. you.
Henry Mancini, Johnny  Mercer - Moon River.xml
Moon river, wider than a mile, I'm crossing you in style someday. Oh, dream maker, you heartbreaker, whereever you're going I'm going your way. Two drifters off to see the world. There's such a lot of world to see. We're after the same rainbows end, waiting 'round the bend, my huckleberry friend, moon river and me.
Shayne, Mercer - I'll Be Home For Christmas.xml
I'm dream ing tonight of a place I love even more than I u sual ly do and al though I know it's a long way back I prom ise you I'll be home for Christ mas You can count on me Please have snow and mis tle toe and pre sents on the tree Christ mas eve will find me Where the love light gleams I'll be home for Christ mas if on ly in my dreams
James V. Monaco, Joseph McCarthy - You Made Me Love You.xml
You made me love you; I didnt want to do it, I didnt want to do it You made me want you; and all the time you knew it, I guess you always knew it You made me happy sometimes, you made me glad But there were times, dear, you made me feel so sad You made me sigh, for I didn't want to tell you, I didn't want to tell you I want some love, that's true, yes I do 'Deed I do, you know I do Give me, give me what I cry for; You know you got the brand of kisses that I'd die for You know you made me love you
Wayne Shanklin - The Big Hurt.xml
Now it begins, now that you've gone, needles and pins, twilight till dawn, watching that clock till you return, lighting that torch and watching it burn. Now it begins. day after day. this is my life ticking a way, waiting to hear footsteps that say, "Love will appear and this time to stay". Oh, each time you go I try to pretend It's over at last; this time the big hurt will end. Now it begins, now that you've gone, needles and pins, twilight till dawn, but if you don't come back again, I wonder when, oh, when will it end? The Big Hurt The Big Hurt The Big Hurt
Robert Allen, Al Stillman - Chances Are.xml
Chances are 'cause you wear a silly grin The moent you come into view chances are you think that I'm in love with you. Just because my composure sort of slips, the moment that your lips meet mine chances are you think my hearts your Valentine In the magic of moonlight when I sigh Hold me close dear chances are you believe the stars that fill the skies are in my eyes Guess youl feel you'll always be the one and only one for me and if you think you could, well chances are your chances are awf'ly good the chances are your chances are awf'ly good.
Dave Coleman, Irving Taylor - A-Razz-A-Ma-Tazz.xml
Arazzamatazz, Arazzamatazz, I love a tune that's got plenty of jazz, Nothin' too smart and nothin' too sweet, Somethin' catchy that'll tickle my feet. Arazzamatazz, is somethin' to hear, When I'm out dancin' or drinkin' a cheer, Can't tell you why I love what it has, Arazzarazzarazzamatazz. And when the band, gives out, I stand right up and shout AWhen I hear ragtime I lose all my cares, Nithin' too soft and nothin' too slow, I go crazy when that horn starts to blow. is what I request, When I'm out dancin in my Sunday best, Out on the floor I'm one of the squares,
Elisse Boyd, Murray Grand - Guess Who I Saw Today.xml
Guess who I saw today my dear! I went in town to shop around for something new and thought I'd stop and have a bite when I was through. I looked around for some place near, and it occurred to me where I had parked the car I'd seen a most attractive French cafê and bar. It really wasn't very far. The waiter showed me to a dark secluded corner, and when my eyes became accustomed to the gloom, I saw two people at the bar who were so much in love that even I could spot it clear across the room. Guess who I saw today, my dear! I've never been so shocked before; I headed blindly for the door, they didn't see me passing through. Guess who I saw today! I saw you!
Ben Oakland, J. P. Murray - If I Love Again.xml
If I love again, Tho' it's someone new, If I love again, It will still be you. In someone else's fond embrace, Il close my eyes but see your face. If I love again, I'll find others charms; But I'll make believe, You are in my arms. And tho' my lips whisper, "I love you," My heart will not be true. I'll be loving you, Ev'rytime I love again. gain.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Where Or When.xml
It seems we stood and talked like this before. We looked at each other in the same way then, but I can't remember Where Or When. The clothes you're wearing are the clothes you wore. The smile you are smiling you were smiling then, but I can't remember Where Or When Some things that happen for the first time, seem to be happening again. And so it seems that we have met before, and laughed before, and loved before, but who knows Where Or When!
William Ballet - Greensleeves.xml
Alas my love ye do me wrong to cast me off discourteously, And I have loved you so long delighting in your company. Greensleeves was all my joy. Greensleeves was my delight. Greensleeves was my heart of gold and who but my lady Greensleeves. I have been rea dy at your hand, to grant what ev er you would crave; I have both wa ged life and land, your love and good will for to have.
and Fred W. Leigh, Charles Collins - Don't Dilly Dally on The Way.xml
My old man said "follow the van d0n't dilly dally on the way Off went the cart with the home packed in it I walked behind with my old cock linnet But I dillied and dallied dallied and dillied Lost the van and don't know where to roam I stopped on the way to have the old halfquartern and I can't find my way home.
Johnny Marks - Jingle, Jingle, Jingle.xml
Jingle, jingle, jingle, you will hear his sleigh bells ring, jolly old Kris Kringle, is the king of jingling. Jingle, jingle, reindeer, through the frosty air they'll go, they are not just plain deer, they're the fastest deer I know. You must believe that on Christmas Eve Kris won't pass you by, He'll dash away in his magic sleigh, flying through the sky. Jingle, jingle, jingle, you will hear his sleigh bells ring, jolly old Kris Kringle, is the king of jingling. king of jingling. Ho! Ho!
Leornard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim - Somewhere.xml
There's a place for us, Somewhere a place for us. Peace and quiet and open air wait for us somewhere. There's a time for us, Someday a time for us. Time together with time to spare, Time to learn, Time to care. Someday somewhere, We'll find a new way of living, We'll find a way of forgiving, Somewhere. There's a place for us, A time andand place for us. Hold my hand and we're half way there, Hold my hand and I'll take you there, somehow, someday, somewhere. somewhere.
Isham Jones, Marty Symes - There Is No Greater Love.xml
Ther is no greater love than what I feel for you, no greater love, no heart so true. There is no greater thrill than what you bring to me, no sweeter song than what you sing to me. You're the sweetest thing I have ever known, and to think that you are mine alone! There is no great er love in all the world it's ture, No greater love than what I feel for you.
Glenn Frey and Don Henley - Desperado.xml
Desperado, why don't you come to your senses? You been out ridin' fences for so long now, Oh, you're a hard one, I know that you got your reasons, these things that are pleasin' you can hurt you somehow. Don't you draw the queen ofdiamonds, boy, she'll beat you if she's able, you know the queen of hearts is always your best bet. Now it seems to me some fine things have been laid upon your table, but you only want the ones that you can't get. Desper ado, oh, you ain't gettin' no younger, your pain and your hunger, they're drivin' you home. And freedom, well that's just some people talkin', your prison is walkin' through this world all alone. Don't your feet get cold in the winter time? The sky won't snow and the sun won't shine, it's hard to tell the nighttime from thev day. You're losin' all your highs and lows. Ain't it funny how the feelin' goes a way? Des per ado why don't you come to your senses? Come down from your fences, open the gate. It maybe rainin', but there's a rainbow above you. You better let somebody love you, you better let somebody love you before it's too late.
Sting - Roxanne.xml.1
Roxanne You don't have to put on the red light those days are over you don't have to sell your body to the night Roxanne you don't have to wear that dress tonight walk the streets for money you don't care if it's wrong or if it's right Roxanne you don't have to put on your red light Roxanne You don't have to put on the red light Roxanne (Put on your red light) Rox anne (Put on your red light) Rox anne (Put on your red light) Rox anne (Put on your red light) Rox anne (Put on your red light) Oh Loved you since I knew you I wouldn't talk down to ya I have to tell you just how I fell I won't share you with another boy I know my mind is made up so put away you makeup told you once I won't tell you again it's a crime the way... Rox
Colbert - Wrestle Me.xml
An i mals can speak With out tongues or with out teeth You've had me un der glass Do I pass your test? It was a sec ond stare In this room of knot ty pine You've had me un der glass Do I pass your test ? An i mals don't guess WREST LE ME I wan na knock you down WREST LE ME You name it shirt or skins and when she is not a round I will let you win!
Dimitri Tiomkin, Ned Washington - The High And The Mighty.xml
I was high and mighty, How I laughed at love And the stars above, Then you came like a gentle flame And helped me to find my way! I was high and mighty And I told my heart Where to stop and start, Now I find that I was blind, I'm learning it day by day! Love can change things, Rearrange things, Oh, what strange things love can do! I'm not high and mighty But I have what's worth All the gold on earth, I have you and I give my heart Forever and ever to you, you, you!
John Winston Wright - Revelation.xml
Rev e la tion it's a sound Rev e la tion it's a show Rev e la tion it's a vision to see	 and to see it is to know She has lived for a bill ion years on the land and in the sea She'll be here when we are gone sands of time go on and on and on Revel a tion Rev e la tion Rev e la tion rev e la tion earth quakes fam ine floods and war kill ing end less peo ple what for? tell me now you've had en ough i really think it's up to us Fool our selves with our lies and we quest ion all we know but do you know the an swer if you only knew the question that would be a reve e la....
Al Kaufman, Marty Symes - How Many Hearts Have You Broken.xml
How many hearts have you borken with those great big beautiful eyes. Those great big beautiful eyes That tell such beauti ful lies. How many times have you kissed somebody Like you kissed me just then I don't believe you mean it, but baby, kiss me again. Oh, how many hearts have you stranded on the dreamy road to romance. Baby, I'll take the chance, I need some lovin', I just can't resist you, Even tho' I'm wise to how many hearts you have broken with those great big beautiful eyes. eyes.
Bernie Wayne, Ben Raleigh - Laughing On The Outside.xml
The crowd sees me out dancing, carefree and roman cing, happy with my someone new. I'm laughing on the outside, crying on the inside, cause I'm still in love with you. They see me night and day time having such a great time; they don't know what I go through. I'm laughing on the outside, crying on the inside, cause I'm still in love with you. No one knows it's just a pose, pretending I'm glad we're apart and when I cry my eyes are dry, the tears are in my heart. My darling can't we make up ever since our break up make believe is all I do. I'm laughing on the outside, crying on the inside, cause I'm still in love with you. Yes, I'm still in love with you.
Harvey Fuqua, Alan Freed - Sincerely.xml
Sincerely Oh! yes, sincerely.  'Cause I love your so dearly, Please say you'll be mine. Sincerely, Oh, you know how I love you, I'll do anything for you. Please say you'll be mine. Oh, Lord, won't you tell me why I love that fella so. He doesn't want me, Oh, I'll never, never, never, never, let him go. Sincerely, Oh, you know how I love you, I'll do anything for you. Please say you'll be mine. Sin mine.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Nice Work If You Can Get It.xml
Holding hands at midnight 'neath a starry sky. Nice Work If You Can Get It, and you can get it if you try. Strolling with the one girl, sighing sigh after sigh, Nice Work If You Can Get It, and you can get it if you try. Just imagine someone waiting at the cottage door, where two hearts become one. Who could ask for anything more? Loving one who loves you, and then taking that vow, Nice Work If You Can Get It, and if you get it, won't you tell me how?
Marr, Morrissey - STRETCH OUT AND WAIT.xml
Oh, the lies that you make up what's at the back of your mind? On the three day de bate on a high rise e state what's at the back of your mind? Two ic y cold hands con duct ing the way its the esk i mo blood in my veins A mid con crete and clay and gen er al de cay na ture must still find a way So ig nore all the codes of the day let your juv en ile im puls es sway this way and that way this way and that way DON'T have sex it im plores you to let your self lose your self STRETCH OUT AND WAIT STRETCH OUT AND WAIT let your pun y bod y lie down lie down as we lie you say as we lie you say STRETCH OUT AND STRETCH OUT AND WAIT STRETCH OUT AND WAIT let your pun y bod y lie down lie down as we lie you say Will the world end in the nite time? (I real ly don't know) Or will the world end in the day time? (I real ly don't know) and is there an y point ev er hav ing child ren? (Oh, I don't know) What I do know is we're here and its now so STRETCH OUT AND WAIT STRETCH OUT AND WAIT There is no de bate no de bate no de bate How Can you con scious ly con tem plate When there's no de bate NO DE BATE STRETCH OUT AND WAIT STRETCH OUT AND WAIT STRETCH OUT AND WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT
Charlotte Alington Pye Barnard (1830 - 1869); pseudonym Claribel  - Come back to Erin.xml
Come back to Erin, Mavourneen, Mavourneen. Come back, Aroon, to the land of thy birth, (O,) Come with the shamrocks and springtime, Mavourneen, And it's Killarney shall ring with our mirth. Sure, when we lent thee to beautiful England, Little we thought of the lone winter days, Little we thought of the hush of the starshine Over the mountain, the bluffs and the brays! (Then) Come back to Erin, Mavourneen, Mavourneen. Come back again to the land of thy birth. Oh, come back to Erin, Mavourneen, Mavourneen, And it's Killarney shall ring with our mirth.   Over the green sea, Mavourneen, Mavourneen, Long shone the white sail that bore theee away, Riding the white waves that fair summer morning Just like a mayflow'r afloat on the bay. O, but my heart sank, when clouds came between us, Like a grey curtain the rain falling down Hid from my sad eyes the path o'er the ocean, Far, far away where my Colleen has flown.
David Seville - The Chipmunk Song.xml
Christmas, Christmas time is near, time for toys and time for cheer. We've been good but we can't last, hurry Christmas, hurry fast! Want a plane that loops the loop. Me, I want a hula hoop. We can hardly stand the wait, please Christmas don't be late. late.
dolly parton - I will always love you.xml
If I should stay I would only be in your way. So I'll go but I know I'll think of you each step of the way And I will always love you I will always love you. You my darling, you. Hmm  Bitter sweet memories that's all I'm tak ing with me Goodbye please don't cry. We both know that I'm not what you need. And I will always love you I will always love you. I hope life treats you kind and  I hope you have all you've dreamed of I wish you joy and happiness but above all of this I wish you love. And I will always love you I will always love you.
Richard Rogers, Jim Herber with apologies to Oscar Hammerstein II - Cain't Say No - Guy's Version.xml
I've heard a lot of stoies and I reckon you have too, About whut some girls like to do with guys. I asked my gal about it and what she would like to do. She soundly punched me right between the eyes. Now that, I tell you, really is the pits. A gal lke that can give a guy the fits! I want a girl who Cain't Say No, I'm in a tur ri ble fix. When ever I say "come on le's go," My gal just always says "nix!" Whenever I try to kiss my gal, She steps right up and gives my head a whack. And that is why I need a girl Who somehow sorta wants to kiss me back! And fool around when lights are low, Not one who's prissy and quaint; Please, not the type that c'n faint All of the things my gal ain't! And C'aint Say No! I've heard that a gal likes her guy to get flirty, and talk to her purtty That's what I've heard. So I told my gal that 'er lips 're like cher ries, an' ros es an' ber ries, 'Cause that's what heard Then I told my gal that she's sweeter 'n cream and I've gotta have cream or die? Whut 'id I get when I talked thet way? (You guessed it) Spit in the eye. I wana be her Romeo Only Platonic won't do. I wan'a girl I can woo, One who will cuddle on cue, And C'aint Say No!
Phil Zeller, Don Costa - I can't believe I'm losing you.xml
Is this the way our romance ends? I got the message when you said we could be friends My love was true I Can't Believe I'm Losing You We played a game of give and take But I stopped playing when my heart began to break What can I do? I Can't Believe I'm Losing You Wish I could erase evry little trace of love that's in the heart of me Evry little scheme evry little dream will always be a part of me There's nothing left for me to do we've passed the point of no return and now we're through It's still too new I Can't Believe I'm Losing You
Sid Wayne and Al Frisch - Two Different Worlds.xml
Two Diff'rent Worlds. we live in, Two Diff'rent Worldsfor we've been told that a love like ours could never be. So far apart, they say we're so far apart, and that we haven't the right to change our destiny, When will they learn that a heart doesn't draw a line, nothing matters if I am yours and you are mine. Two Diff'renf Worlds, we live in Two diff'rent Worlds, but we will show them, as we walk together in the sun, that our Two Diff'rent Worlds are one.
Ivan Caryll, C.M.S.McLellan - The Kiss Waltz.xml
I have kisses in plenty, But, if you please, I give various kisses in diff'rent keys, Warm, sweet kisses that kindle, and cold that freeze; I can give both kinds with ease. If I ever decide you de serve such bliss, I'll bend nearer and nearer to you, like this! And the world in eclipse, All my love on my lips, I will give you my best and my warmest kiss.
Sigmund Romberg, Gus Kahn - Who Are We To Say.xml
Who are we to say, just what love will do, love may live a day or all life through. Who are we to say, how a rose will grow, it may fade away or bloom and blow. You and I may plan and scheme and evry things arranged Then there comes a vagrant dream and all the world was changed Who are we to say, when to say goodbye, or to wonder why we two must part So I'll take today, loving while I may, Dear, knowing love would say, obey your heart.
Hank Williams - Cold, Cold Heart.xml
I tried so hard my dear to show that you're my evry dream yet you're afraid each thing I do is just some evil scheme a memry from your lonesome past keeps us so far apart why cant I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart? another love before my time made you heart sad and blue and so my heart is paying now for things we did nt do In anger unkind words are said that make the teardrops start why cant I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold cold heart? you'll never know how much it hurts to see you sit and cry you know you need and want my love yet you're afraid to try why so you run and hide from life to try it just aint smart? why cant I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold cold heart? there was a time when I believed that you belonged to me but now I know your heart is shackled to a memory the more I learn to care for you the more we drift apart why cant I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold cold heart.
James - LAID.xml
This bed is on fire with pas sion ate love the neigh bors com plain a bout the nois es a bove but she on ly sings when she's on top My the ra pist said not to see you no more she said you're like a dis ease without an y cure She said I'm so ob sessed that I;m be com ing a bore oh NO! AH you think you're so PRET TY Caught your hand in side the till slam'd your fing ers in the DOOR Fought with kit chen knives and skew ers Dressed me up in wom an's clothes Messed a round with gen der roles Lined my eyes and called me pret ty Moved out of the house so you moved next door I locked you out you cut a hole in the wall I found you sleep ing next to me I thought I was alone You're driv ing me cra zy When are you com ing home? LAID LAID
Weiner, Gold - Johney Gluck - IT'S MY PARTY.xml
ITS MY PAR TY, and I'll cry if I want to cry if I want to cry if I want to You would cry too if it hap pened to you. No bod y knows where my John ey has gone cuz Ju dy left the same time. Why was he hold ing her hand when he's sup posed to be mine? Play all my rec ords, keep danc ing all night, but leave me a lone for a while. 'Til John ey's danc ing with me I've got no rea son to smile.
Neil Diamond - Red Red Wine.xml
Red red wine go to my head make me forget that I still need her so red red go no mem'ries wont go I'd have thought that with time thoughts of her would leave my head I was wrong and I find just one thing makes me forget red red wine stay close to me don't let me be alone it's tearing apart my blue blue heart.
Jenny Lou Carson - Jealous Heart.xml
Jealous heart oh jealous heart stop beating cant you see the damage you have done you have driven her away for ever jealous heart now I'm the lonely one I was part of evrything she planned for and I know she loved me at the start now she hates the sight of all I stand for all because of you oh jeallous heart. you have filled my conscience full of sorrow for I know she never was untrue jealous heart why did you make her hate me now theres nothing left but jealous you many times I trusted you to guide me but your guiding only brought me tears why oh why must I have you inside me jealous hear for all my lonely years.
Jimmy van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - My Kind of Town.xml
Don't ever, ever ask me what Chicago is, Unless you've got an hour or two, or three. 'Cause I need time to tell you what Chicago is, All the things Chicago means to me. Gee, it's My kind of town, Chicago is. My kind of town, Chicago is. My kind of people too, people who smile at you and each time I roam Chicago is calling me home, Chicago is. One town that won't let you down it's my kind of town. This is My kind of town, chicago is. My kind of town, Chicago is. My kind of razzmatazz. And it has all that jazz and each time I leave, Chicago is tugging my sleeve Chicago is. The Wrigley Building Chicago is The WIndy City, Chicago is, The Union Stockyards, Chicago is, Comisky Ball park, Chicago is. One town that won't let you down. It's my kind of town.
John Denver - Looking For Space.xml
On the road of experience I'm trying to find my own way. sometimes I wish that I could fly away when I think that I'm moving suddenly things stand still I'm afraid cause I think they always will and I'm looking for space and to find out who I am, and I'm look ing to know and understand It's a sweet sweet dream sometimes I'm almost there sometimes I fly like an eagle and sometimes I'm deep in despair All alone in the universe sometimes that,is how it seems I get lost in the sadness and the screams then I look in the cen ter suddenly evrythings clear I....find my self in the sunshine and my dreams 1,2 .When you're looking for space and to find out who you are when you;re looking to try and reach the stars sweet sweet sweet dream sometimes I'm almost there sometimes I fly like an eagle but sometimes I'm deep in despair sometimes I fly like an eagle like an eagle I go fly ing fly ing.
Bob Merrill - My Truly Truly Fair.xml
Some men plough the open plain some men sail the brine but I'm in love with a pretty maid for work I have no time My truly truly fair truly truly fair how I love my truly fair theres songs to sing her trinkets to bring her flowers for her golden hair. Once I sailed from Boston bay bound for Singapore but one day out and I missed her so I swam right back to shore
Jack Lawrence & Pete Tinturin, Irving Gordon - What Will I Tell My Heart.xml
I'll try to ex  plain to friends dear, the reason we two are apart; I know what to tell our friends dear, but what will I tell my heart? It's easy to say to strangers, that we played a game from the start, it's easy to lie to strangers, but what will I tell my heart? When I smile to hide all the tears inside, what an ache it will bring; then I'll wander home to a telephone that forgot how to ring. I could say you'll soon be back, dear, to fool the whole town may be smart. I'll tell them you'll soon be back, dear, but what will I tell my heart?
Spiritual - The Wayfaring Stranger.xml
I'm just a poor wayfaring stranger, A trav'ling through this world of woe; And there's no sickness toil or danger In that bright world to which I go. I'm going home to see my father; I'm going there no more to roam. I'm just a going over Jordan. I'm just a going over home.
Borney Bergantine, Betty Peterson  - My  happiness.xml
Evening shad ows make me blue when each weary day is through how I long to be with you My happiness evry day I reminisce dreaming of your tender kiss always thinking how I miss My happiness a million years it seems have gone by since we shared our dreams but I'll hold you again there'll be no blue memories then whether skies are grey or blue any place on earth will do just as long as I'm with you my happiness ness
George Weiss, Hugo Peretti, Luigi Creatore - Can't Help Falling in Love.xml
Wise men say only fools rush in, but I can't help falling in love with you. Shall I stay? Would it be a sin, if I can't help falling in love with you? Like a river flows surely to the sea, Darling, so it goes, somethings are meant to be. Take my hand. Take my whole life, too. For I can't help falling in love with you. you. For I can't help falling in love with you.
Paul Anka - DANNY.xml
DAN NYthere's no oth er but DAN NY. There's a love for my DAN NY and I love him more each day 'cuz DAN NY sends me flow ers and can dy. He's my one and on ly DAN NY Ev' ry ho ur of the day. Oh, how I see com ing clo ser to me that one day he'll whis per my name. He'll tell me its time that his name and mine are gon na be one and the same. and I'll be DAN NY'S I'll be long to my DAN NY, I want to run be side my DAN NY He'll be mine for eve er more. Oh, how I see com ing clo ser to me that one day he'll whis per my name. He'll tell me its time that his name and mine are gon na be one and the same. and I'll be DAN NY'S I'll be long to my DAN NY, I want to run be side my DAN NY He'll be mine for eve er more.
Don Robertson, Hal Blair - Please Help Me, I'm Falling.xml
Please help me I'm falling in love with you close the door to temtation dont let me walk through turn away from me darling I'm begging you to please help me I'm fallingin love with you I be long to an other whose arms have grow cold But I promised for ever to have and to hold so I can never be free dear but when I'm with you I know that I'm los ing the strength to be true. Please help me I'm falling and that would be sin close the door to temptation dont let me walk in for I mustnt want you but darling I do please help me I'm falling in love with
Joe Oliver, Clarence Williams - West End Blues.xml
I got the blues from my head to my shoes. I'm blue today. I've got a mean evil feelin' my belly's full of gin. I'm on my way to the West End, and that's where troubles will begin. My gal, my pal, low down mean houn' they're in town, they're cuttin' it up. Yes, they're runnin' 'round. Soon I'm gonna take a walk and knock upon her door Now those folks in West End, They're gonna see some shootin' like they never saw before, My gal and my best pal will never cheat in West End any more. I got the way to the West End to lose those West End Blues.
Michel Legrand, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - One At A Time.xml
One at a time, let me have one smile at a time Give me just one kiss at a time, so we'll have enough to last a lifetime. One at a time Let there be some one at a time, let the stars take turns up above, while we're making love one night at a time. One sip of wine ev 'ry day, like hear ing that you're mine ev 'ry day; only fools would will it away, or spill it the way they do. So till there's one at a time, give me one at a time with you.
Don Swander, June Hershey - Deep In The Heart Of Texas.xml
The stars at night are big and bright deep in the heart of Texas the prairie sky is wide and high deep in the heart of Texas the sage in bloom is like perfume deep in the heart of Texas reminds me of the one I love deep in the heart of Texas the coyotes wail along the trail the rabbits rush around the brush the cowboys cry "Kiyippeeyi" the doggies bawl and bawl and   bawl Texas
Wilhelm Grosz, Jimmy Kennedy - Isle Of Capri.xml
Twas on the Isle of Capri that I found her Beneath the shade of an old walnut tree. Oh, I can still see the flow'rs blooming round her Where we met on the Isle of Capri. she was as sweet as a rose at the dawning But somehow fate hannt meant her for me Abd tho I sailed with the tide in the morning Still my heart's on the Isle of Cappri. Summertime was nearly overblue Italian sky above I said Lady I'm a rover Can you spare a sweet word of love? She whispered softly Its best not to linger and then as I kissed her hand I could see She wore a plain golden ring on her finger T'was goodbye on the Isle of Capri.
Pat Alexander, Gary Marks - Duncan.xml
I love to have a beer with Duncan I love to have a beer with Dunc we drink in moderation and we never ever ever get rolling drunk we drink at the "Town and Country where the atmosphere is great I love to have a drink with Duncan cause Duncans me mate Yeah I love to have a beer with Kevin I love to have a beer with Kev we drink in moderation and he drives me home in his big old Chev Kevin Kevins
Lucas Secon, Wayne Hector - I Hate This Part.xml
We're drivingslow through the snow on 5th avenue And right now radio's all that we can hear Now we ain't talk since we left, it's so overdue It's cold outside but between us it's The world slow down But my heart  beat fast right now I know this is the part when the end starts I can't take it any longer Thought that we were stronger All we do is linger Slipping through my fingers I don't wanna try now All that's left's goodbye to find a way that can tell you I hate this part right here I hate this part right here I just can't take your tears I hate this part right here I know you'll ask me to hold on And carry on lile no thing wrong But there's no more time for lies Cause I see sunset in your eyes
Billy Eckstine - I Want To Talk About You.xml
Don't tell me about a night in June or a shady lane beneath the velvet moon. Don't tell me, 'cause I want to talk about you. Don't mention that waterfall or tht grassy spot where crickets softly call. Don't tell me 'cause I want to talk about you. The moon and the stars, the objects on Mars, are things that we've talk'd of before. But your love for me was the question, your answer threw back heaven's doors. So tell me your love will be sincere, then my darling, you needn't ever fear 'cause I love you and I want to talk about you.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - I've Got a Gal In Kalamazoo.xml
A B C D E F G H I got a gal in Kalamazoo Don't wanna boast but I know she's the toast of Kalamazoo zoo zoo zoo zoo zoo Years have gone by; my, my how she grew. I liked her looks when I carried her books in zoo zoo I'm gonna send a wire hoppin on a flyer leavin' to day. Am I dreamin'? I can hear her screamin' "Hya Mister Jackson" evry things O K A L A M A Z O Oh what a gal a real pipperoo. I'll make my bid for that freckle faced kid I'm hurryin to. I'm goin' to Michigan to see the sweetest gal in Ka lama zoo.
George Gershwin, B.G. DeSylva, Ira Gershwin - I'll Build A Stairway To Paradise.xml
I'll Build A Stairway To Paradise with a new step ev'ry day! I'm going to get there at any price, stand aside I'm on my way! I've got the blues and up above it's so fair. Shoes! Go on and carry me there! I'll Build A Stairway To Paradise with a new step ev'ry day. day.
Folk Music - I've Been Working On the Railroad.xml
I've been working on ther railroad, all the livelong day; I've been working on the railroad, just to pass the time away. Don't you hear the whistle blowing? Rise up so early in the morn. Don't you hear the captain shouting? "Dinah, blow your horn!" Dinah won't you blow, Dinah won't you blow, Dinah won't you blow your horn? Dinah won't you blow, Dinah won't you blow, Dinah won't you blow your horn? Someone's in the kitchen with Dinah, Someone's in the kitchen I know, Someone's in the kitchen with Dinah stromming on the old banjo.
Marguerite Monnot, Jack Lawrence, Rene Rouzaud - The Poor People Of Paris.xml
Just got back from Paris France, all they do is sing and dance all they've got there is romance what a tragedy evry boulevard has lovers evry loversin a trance the poor people of Paree sorry for the French evry guy has got a wench evry couples got a bench kissing shamelessly night and day they're making music while they're making love in French so dont go to Paris France not unless you like to dance notunless you want rormance like those poor inhabitants of Paree.
Ted Grouya, Edmund Anderson - Flamingo.xml
Flamingo like a flame in the sky, Flying over the island to my lover near by; Flamingo, in your tropical hue, Speak of passion undying and a love that is true. The wind sings a song to you as you go, a song that I hear below the murmuring palms. Flamingo, when the sun meets the sea, Say farewell to my lover and hasten to me.
Mort Dixon, Ray Henderson - Bye Bye Blackbird.xml
Pack up all my care and woe, there I go singing low. Bye, bye, blackbird. Where some body waits for me, sugar sweet, so is he. Bye, bye, blackbird. No one here can love and under stand me. Oh, what hard luck stories they all hand me. Make my bed and light the light, I'll arrive late tonight. Blackbird, bye, bye.
Arthur Johnston, Sam Coslow - Troubled Waters.xml
I'm gonna drown down in those toubled waters, they're creepin' 'round mu soul. They're way beyond control and they'll wash my sins away before the mornin'. They say that I'm one of the devil's daughters, they look at me with scorn. I'll never hear that horn I'll be underneath the water Judgement mornin'.  Oh Lord, am I to blame? Must I bow my head in shame? If people go 'round scandalizin' my name? I'm gonna drown down in those troubled waters, they're creepin' 'round my soul. They're way beyond control and they'll wash my sins away before the morn. morn.
Don Raye, Gene De Paul, Benny Carter - Cow-Cow Boogie.xml
Out on the plains down near Santa Fe I met a cowboy ridin' the range one day And as he jogged along I heard him singin' A most peculiar cowboy song. It was a ditty, he learned in the city Comma ti yi yi yeah, comma ti yippi ti yi yeah Get along, get hip little dogies, get along better be on your way get along, get hip little dogies, and he trucked 'em on down that old fairway Singin' his cow cow boogie in the strangest way Comma ti yi yi yeah, comma ti yipiti yi yeah Singin' his cowboy songs he's just too much. He's got a knocked out western accent with a Harlem touch. He was raised on Loco weed, He's what you call a swing half breed' Singin' his cow cow boogie in the strangest way. Comma ti yi yi yeah, comma ti yippiti yi yeah Tsk Tsk Tsk Tsk Yippee
Albert Hay Malotte - The Lord's Prayer.xml
Our Father, Which art in heaven, Hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done, In earth As it is in heav en. Give us this day our daily bread, And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil: For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory Forev er A men, A men.
Claribel (Charlotte Alington Barnard) (1830-1869) - Come Back To Erin .xml
Come back to Erin Mavoureen Mavoureen come back Aroon to the land of my birth come with the shamrocks and springtime Mavoureen and its Killarney shall ring with our mirth Sure when we lent ye to beautiful England little we thought of lone winter days Little we thought of the hush of the starshine Over the mountain the bluffs and the brays O may the anels O wakin and sleepin watch o'er my bird in the land far away and its my pray'rs will consign to their keepin Care o' my jewel by night and by day when by the fireside I watch the bright embers then all my heartflies to England and thee cravin to know if my darlin remembers or if her thoughts may be cross in to me then come back to Erin Ma voureen Mavoureen come back again to the land of thy birth come back to Erin Mavoureen Mavoureen and its Killarney shall
Thomas Fats Waller, Harry Brooks, Andy Razaf - Ain't Misbehavin'.xml
No one to talk with, all by myself. No one to walk with, but I'm happy on the shelf. Ain't misbehavin', Just saving my love for you. I know for certain, the one I love. I'm through with flirtin', it's just you I'm thinkin' of. Ain't misbehavin', I'm saving my love for you. Like Jack Horner, in a corner. Don't go nowhere, what do I care? Your kisses, they're worth waiting for, believe me. I don't stay out late, don't care to go. I'm home about eight, just me and my radio. Ain't misbehavin', still saving my love for you.
Robert Wilson - A Gordon For Me.xml
...I'm Geoggie MacKay of the H.I.L. I'm fond of the lassies and a drappie forbye. One day when out walking I chanced to see, A bonnie wee lass wi' a glint in her ee'. Says I to the lassie will you walk for a while? I'll buy ye a bonnet and we'll do it in style. My kilt is Mackensie o' the H.I.I; She look'd at me shyly and said wi' a sigh. A Gordon for me, a Gordon for me, If ye're no a Gordon ye're no use to me. The Black Watch are braw the Seaforths and a', but the cocky wee Gordon's the pride o' them a'. A ...I courted that girl on the banks of the Dee, I made up my mind she was fashioned for me, Soon I was a' thinking how nice it would be, If she would consent to get marrried to me. The day we were wed, the grass was so green, The sun was as bright as the light in her 'een. Now we've two bonnie lassies who sit on her knee, While she sings the song that she once sang to me. pride o' them a'.
Charles Williams, Winifred May - The Dream Of Olwen.xml
Olwen, I hear you call to me At moonrise across a golden sea, Softly the waves make melotody to wake all my song of memory, Olwen, come to me, I implore, Tell me, where shall I find you? Olwen, till the stars shine no more True unto you I shall be. Deep is the blue that veils the night, The light in the west has faded. But I must pursue till dawn breaks through, The dream I am dreaming of you, belovOlwen, it is your face I see That wakens in ev'ry place for me Music, of vanished ecstacy That echoes into Eternity Olwen in the wings of the wind Fondly your voice is falling Calling from a world apart, And strangely you seem To answer the dream in my heart!
Guy LaFarge, Allan Roberts, Alan Bolt - The River Seine.xml
There we met and there we parted by the lovely river Seine, two young lovers, broken hearted for we knew we loved in vain, and though years may go someday I know she'll come to Paris again. And I'll find her where I left her at the lovely river Seine. There we Seine.
Charles Fox, Norman Gimbel - Killing Me Softly.xml
I heard he sang a good song, I heard he had a style, And so I came to see him to listen for a while. And there he was this young boy, a stranger to my eyes, Strumming my pain with his fingers Singing my life with his words. Killing me softly with his song, Killing me softly with his song, Telling my whole life with his words, Killing me softly with his song
Cole Porter - Rosalie.xml
Rosalie, my darling, Rosalie, my dream, Since, one night When stars danced above, I'm oh, oh, so much in love. So Rosalie, have mercy! Rosalie, don't decline, Won't you make my life thrilling, And tell me you're willing to be mine, Rosalie, mine! mine!
ETTA JAMES. LEROY KIRKLAND, PEARL WOODS - Something's Got a Hold on Me.xml
Oh, Sometimes I get a good feeling, Yeah! (Yeah) I get a good feeling that I never never had be fore, no, no. And I just gotta tell you right now that I believe, I really do believe that Something's got a hold on me yeah, yeah. Oh, it must be love. Oh Something's got a hold on me right now, child. Oh, it must be love. Let me tell you now I got a feeling, now I feel so strange. Evrything about me seems to have changed. Step by step I got a brand new walk. I even sound better when I talk. I said uh Oh! (Oh) Oh! (Oh) Oh! (Oh) Oh! Oh, wo wo, It must be love. (You know it must be love.) Let me tell you now Something's got a hold on me, yeah. Oh, it must be love. Oh Something's got a hold on me right now child Oh, it must be love. Let me tell you now I never felt like this before. Something's got a hold on me that won't let go. I be lieve I'd die if I only could. I sure feel strange but it sure feels good. love. Let me tell you now my heart feels heavy, my feet feel light. I shake all over but I feel alright. I never felt like this before. Something's got a hold on me that won't let go. I never thought it could happen to me. My heart was heavy, in misery. I never thought it could be this way. Love's sure gonna put a hurtin' on me. I said uh Oh! (Oh) Oh! (Oh) Oh! (Oh) Oh! Baby, oh, It must be love. (You know it must be love.) Yeah, it walks like love. (Yeah, it walks like love.) It talks like love. (It talks like love.) Makes me feel alright. (Makes me feel alright.) In the middle of the night. (In the middle of the night.) Wo wo wo wo
Boorer, Morrissey - I HAVE FORGIVEN JESUS.xml
I was a good kid I would n't do you no harm I was a good kid with a nice pa per route For give me an y pain I may have brung to you With God's help I know I'll al ways be near to you But Jes us hurt me when he de ser ted me but I have for giv en Jes us for all this de sire he placed in me when there's noth ing I can do with this de sire I was a good kid thru hail and snow I'd go just to moon ya I car ried my heart in my hand do you un der stand ? do you un der stand ? Mon day hum il i at ion Tues day suf fic a tion Wens day con de scen sion Thurss day is path e tic by Fri day you have killed me by Fri day you have killed me OH pret ty one Oh pret ty one! and why did you give me so much de sire when there is no where i can go to un load this de sire and why did you give me so much love in a love less world when there is no one I can turn to to un lock all this love and why did you stick me in self de pre cat ing bones and skin Jes us do you hate me why did you stick me in self de pre ca ting bones and skin? do you hate me do you hate me do you hate me do you hate me do you hate m e ?
Buck Owens - Crying Time.xml
Oh, it's crying time again, you're gonna leave me; I can see that faraway look in your eyes. I can tell by the way you hold me darling, that it won't be long before it's crying time.   Oh, they say that absence makes the heart grow fonder, And that tears are only rain to make love grow. Well my love for you could never grow no stronger, if I live to be a hundred years old. say that you found someone you loved better that;s the way it's happened ev'ry time before. And as sure as the sun comes up tomorrow. Crying time will start when you walk out the door.
Ray Noble - Cherokee.xml.1
Sweet Indian maiden since I first met you, I can't forget you, Cherokee sweetheart. Child of the prairie your love keeps calling my heart enthralling Cherokee Dreams of summertime of lovertime gone by. Throng my memory so tenderly and sigh. My sweet Indian maiden one day I'll hold you, in my arms I'll fold you, Cherokee
Duke Ellington - In a Sentimental Mood.xml
In a sentimental mood I can see the stars come thru my room while your loving attitude is, like a flame that lights the gloom. On the wings of ev'ry kiss drifts a melody so strange and sweet. In this sentimental bliss you make my paradise comRose petals seem to fall. It's all like a dream to call you mine. My heart's a lighter thing since you made this night a thing divine In a sentimental mood I'm within a world so heavenly for I never dreamt that you'd be loving sentimental me.
David Gates - If.xml.1
If a picture paints a thousand words, then why can't I paint you? The words wil never show the you I've come to know. If a face could launch a thousand ships then where am I to go? There's no one home but you. You're all thats left me to. And when my love for life is running dry, you come and pour yourself on me. If a man could be two places at one time, I'd be with you; tomorow and today, beside you all the way. If the world would stop revoling, spinning slowly down to die, I'd spend the end with you. And when the world was through, then one by one the stars would all go out. Then you and I would simply fly away
Richard C, Leigh - Dont it make my brown eyes blue.xml
Dont know when I've been so blue dont know whats come over you you've found someone new and dont it make my brown eyes blue I'll be fine when you're gone I'll just cry all night long say it isnt true dont it make my brown eyes blue tell me no se crets tell me some lies give me no reasons give me alibies tell me you love me and dont let me cry say anything but dont say goodbye
Marr, Morrissey - THE HEADMASTER RITUAL.xml
Bel lig er ent ghouls run man ches ter schools spine less swines ce ment ed minds Sir leads the troops jeal ous of youth same old suit since nine teen six ty two he does the mil it 'ry two step down the nape of my neck I wan na go home I don't want to stay give up ed u cat ion as a bad mis take Mid week on the play ing fields Sir thwacks you on the knees knees you in the groin el bow in the face brui ses big ger than din ner plates I wan na go home I don't want to stay la la la la la la la lah de ay la la la la la lah de ay la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Juventino Rosas, Paul Francis Webster - The Loveliest Night Of The Year.xml
When you are in love it's the loveliest night of the year Stars twinkle above and you almost can touch them from here Words fall into rhyme any time you are holding me near when you are in love it's the loveliest night of the year waltzing along in the blue like a breeze drifting over the sand thrilled by the wonder of you and the wonderful touch of your hand and my heart starts to beat like a child when a birthday is near so, kiss me my sweet it's the loveliest night of the year.
Donald O'Keefe - At The End Of The Day.xml
At the end of the day Just kneel and say "Thankyou Lord for my work and play. I've tried to be good, For I know that I should".. That's a prayer for the end of the day. So when the new dawn begins to break, Just lift up your eyes, Let your heart awake, Be ready to meet what the day may send, and be ready to greet ev'ry man as a friend. Nobody knows what a pow'r you have found, So do what you can for the others around, Carry them high when they seem to be low as on your way you go. day.
Victor Young, Edward Heyman - Blue Star.xml
When things go wrong and there's no one around to hear, I look at you, Star of blue, And my troubles disappear. Blue Star when I am blue, All I do is look at you, For I seem to find peace of mind, And I never get lonely when you shine from afar. With you away up there, I don't dare to have a care, For I want to show, That your glow lets me know that you know that I'm not blue, Blue Star Blue Star
Maceo Pinkard, Jack Smith, Roy Turk - Gimme A Little Kiss, Will Ya, Huh?.xml
Gimme a little kiss, will ya huh? What are ya gonna miss, will ya, huh? Gosh, oh gee, why do you refuse? I can't see what you have to lose Gimme a litle squeeze will ya, huh? Why do you want to make me blue? I wouldn't say a word if I was asking for the world, But what's a little kiss between a fellowand his girl? Gimme a littlekiss, will ya huh? And I'll give it right back to you.
Arthur Herzog Jr, Billie Holiday - God Bless' The Child.xml
Them that's got shall get, them that's not shall not lose, so the Bible said and it still is news: Mama may have, Papa may have, but God Bless' the child that's got his own! That's got his own. Yes the strong get more, while the weak ones fade, empty pockets don't ever make the grade; Money, you got lots o' friends, crowd in' round the door, when you're gone and spendin ends, they don't come no more. Rich relations give, crust of bread and such, you can help yourself, but don't take too much! Mama may have, Papa may have, but God Bless' the child that's got his own! that's got his own.
Arthur Schwartz, Leo Robin - A Gal In Calico.xml.1
I feel like a two year old, So would you ,too, 'Cause I'm headin' for a weddin', That's if someone says: "I do!" Someonewith a heart of gold I've been true to. Someone kinda shylike, Just like I like. Met a gal in Calico Down in Santa Fe; Used to be her Sunday beau 'til I rode away, Do I want her, do I want her love? Yes, siree! Will I win her, will I win her love? Wait 'n see! Workin' with a Rodeo, Go from town to town. See most ev'ry kinda gal, Ev'ry kinda gown. But who made my heart sing Yippee Yi! Yippee Yo! My little gal in Cali co Take my gal in Calico Down in Santa Fe: Guess I better let her know that I feel this way, Is she waitin', is she waitin'? She better be Am I hopin' to be ropin' her? Yes, siree Gonna quit the Rodeo, Gonna settle down, Buy a bolt of calico For a weddin' gown. Then will I fence her in Yippee Yi! Yippee Yo! My little gal in Calico
Irving Berlin 1938 - God Bless America.xml
While the storm clouds ga ther far a cross the sea let us swear al le gance to a land that's free. Let us all be grate ful for a land so fair as we raise our voi ces in a sol emn prayer God bless Am er i ca Land that I love. stand be hind her and guide her thru the night with a light from a bove. From the moun tans to the prar ies to the o ceans white with foam. God bless a mer i ca my home sweet home. God bless a mer i ca my home sweet home. God bless Am er i ca Land that I love. stand be hind her and guide her thru the night with a light from a bove. From the moun tans to the prar ies to the o ceans white with foam. God bless a mer i ca my home sweet home. God bless a mer i ca my home sweet home.
Dick Robertson, James Cavanagh, Frank Weldon - A Little On The Lonely Side.xml
I'm a little on the lonely a little on the lonely side I keep thinking of you only and wishing you were by my side you know my dear when you're not here there's noone to romance with so if I'm seen with someone else its just someone to dance with evry letter that you send me I read a dozen times or more any wonder that I love you more and more oh how I miss your tender kiss and long to hold you tight I'm a little on the lonely side tonight.
Eric Carmen - Never Gonna Fall In Love Again.xml
No use pretending things can still be right There's really nothing more to say I'll get along without your kiss goodnight, Just close the door and walk away Never gonna fall in love again I don't wanna start with someone new 'Cause I couldn't bear to see it end Just like me and you. No, I never wanna feel the pain Of remembrin' how it used to be, Never gonna fall in love again Just like you and me. At first we thought that love was here to stay The summer made it seem so right But like the sun we watched it fade a way From morning into lonely nightyou and me. Never gonna fall in
David Mann, Bob Hilliard - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning.xml
In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning, While the whole wide world is fast asleep, You lie awake and think about the girl And never ever think of counting sheep. When you lonely heart has learned its lesson You'd be hers if only she would call. In the Wee Small Hours Of The Morning, That's the time you miss her most of all. In The time you miss her most of all.
Burton Lane, Al Dubin - Feudin' And Fightin'.xml
Feudin' and fussin' and afightin', Sometimes it gets to be excitin' Don' like them ornery neighbors down by the creek. We'll be plumb out of neighbors next week. Grandma, poor ol' grandma, Why'd they have to shoot poor grandma? She lies 'neath the clover Someone caught her bendin' over pickin' up a dai sy! Feudin' and fussin' and afightin' This is a wrong that needs arightin, Let's get the funeral service over so then we can start in a feudin' again. gain.
Jao Gilberto - Desafinado.xml
I feel good, I knew that I would now I feel good. I knew that I would now; so good, so good, I got you ! I feel nice, like sugar and spice I feel nice. like sugar and spice so nice so nice When I hold you in my arms I know that ican do no wrong andwhen I hold you in my arms my love won't do you no harm I feel goodso good, so good, I got you !
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans 1950, Ray Evans - Silver Bells.xml
City sidewalks, busy sidewalks dressed in holiday style, In the air there's a feeling of Christmas Children laughing, people passing meeting smile after smile, And on ev'ry street corner you hear; Silver bells silver bells It's Christmas time in the city Ring a ling, hear them ring, Soon it will be Christmas Day. Strings of
Jerry Bock, Sheldon Harnick - Sunrise, Sunset.xml
Is this the little girl I carried? Is this the little boy at play? I dont remember growing older when did they? When did she get to be a beauty when did he grow to be so tall Wasnt it yesterday when they were small Sunrise sunset sunrise sunset swiftly flow the days seedlings turn overnight to sun flow'rs blossoming even as we gaze sunrise sunset sun rise sunset swiftly fly the years one season following another Laden with happiness and tears Now is the little boy a bridegroom now is the little girl a bride Under the canopy I see them side by side place the gold ring around her finger share the sweet wind and break the glass soon the full circle will have come to pass tears
Ryan Tedder, Timothy Mosley - Apologize.xml
Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, I'm holdin' on your rope, got me ten feet off the ground. And I'm hearin' what you say, but I just can't make a sound. You tell me that you need me, then you go and cut me down, but wait. You tell me that you're sorry, didn't think I'd turn around and say that it's too late to 'pologize. It's too late. I said it's too late to 'pologize. It's too late, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, I'd take another chance, take a fall. Take a shot for you. I need you like a hear needs a beat, but it's nothin' new, yeah, yeah. I loved you with a fire red, now it's turnin' blue, and you say sorry like an angel heaven let me think was you. But I'm afraid it's too late to 'pologize. It's too late. I said it's too late to 'pologize. It's too late, whoa, whoa. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. It's too late to 'pologize. It's too late. I said it's too late to 'pologize. It's too late. I said it's too late to 'pologize, yeah. I said it's too late to 'pologize yeah. I'm holdin' on your rope, got me ten feet off the ground.
Coldplay - Clocks.xml
Lights go out and I can't be saved Tides that I tried to swim against, have brought me down upon my knees oh I beg I beg and plead singing Come out with things unsaid shoot an apple off my head and a Trouble that can't be named tigers waiting to be tamed singing You are Confusion never stops closing walls and ticking clocks Gonna Come back and take you home I could not stop that you now know singing Come out upon my seas Curse missed opportunities Am I a part of the cure Or am I part of the dissease singing You Are You Are And nothing else compares Ooh You Are Home... Home... Where I wanted to go
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Hello Young Lovers.xml
Hello young lovers whoever you are I hope your troubles are few all my good wishes go with you tonight I've been in love like you. Be brave young lovers and follow your star be brave and faithful and true cling very close to each other tonight I've been in love like you I know how it feels to have wings on your heels, and to fly down a street in a trance you fly down a street on a chance that you'll meet and you meet not really by chance Dont cry young lovers what ever you do dont cry because I'm alone all of my mem'ries are happy tonight I've had a love of my own I've had a love of my own like yours I've had a love of my own.
Irving Kahal, Sammy Fain - I'll Be Seeing You.xml
I'll be seeing you in all the old familiar places, that this heart of mine embraces, all day thru' In that small cafe the park across tthe way, the childrens carosel, the chestnut tree, the wishing well. I'll be seeing you in ev'ry lovely summer's day, in evrything that's bright and gay, I'll always think of you that way I'll see you in the morning sun an when the night is new. I'll be looking at the moon, but I'll be seeing you.
George Khoury, Phil Phillips - Sea Of Love.xml
Do you remember when we met that's the day I knew you were my pet I want to tell you how much I love you Come with me my love to the sea the sea of love Come with me to the sea of love Come with me to the sea of love Come with me my love to the sea the sea of love I want to tell you just how much I love you I want to tell you oh, how much I love you
Gale Garnett - We'll Sing In The Sunshine.xml
We'll sing in the sunshine, We'll laugh ev'ry day; We'll sing in the sunshine, And I'll be on my way. 1 .I will never love you; The cost of love's too dear. But though I'll never love you, I'll live with you one year And we'll sing in the sunshine, We'll laugh ev'ry day; We'll sing in the sunshine, And I'll be on my way.  I'll  sing to you each morning; I'll kiss you evry night. But, darling, don't cling to me; I'll soon be out of sight. But we can sing in the sunshine, We'll laugh ev'ry day; We'll sing in the sunshine, And I'll be on my way. My  dad dy he once told me, don't love you any man, Just take what they may give you And give but what you can. and you can sing in the sunshine, We'll laugh ev'ry day; We'll sing in the sunshine, And I'll be on my way.  And  when our year has ended And I have gone away, You'll often speak about me And this is what you'll say: We sang in the sunshine, We laughed ev'ry day; We sang in the sunshine Then he went on his
Nick Cave - Into my Arms.xml
I don't believe in an interventionist God But I know darling that you do But if I did I would kneel down and ask him Not to intervene when it came to you Well, not to touch a hair on your head Leave you as you are if he felt he had to direct you and direct you into my arms Into my arms O Lord into my arms O Lord Into my arms O Lord into my arms And I don't believe in the existence of angels But looking at you I wonder if that's true But if I did I would summon them together And ask them to watch over you Whoa to each burn a candle for yeah To make bright and clear your path And to walk like Christ, in grace and love and guide you into my arms Into my arms oh Lord into my arms oh Lord Into my arms oh Lord into my arms But I believe in love and I know that you do to 'n I believe in some kind of path The weekend walk 'a down, me and you so keep your candles burning and make a journey bright and pure That she'll keep returning always and ever more Into my arms oh Lord into my arms oh Lord Into my arms oh Lord into my arms
Traditional - Beautiful Brown Eyes.xml
Beautiful, beautiful brown eyes, Beautful, beautiful brown eyes, Beautiful, beautiful brown eyes, I'll never love blue eyes again.
John Denver - Fly away.xml
All of her days have gone soft and cloudy all of her dreams have gone dry all of her nights have gone sad and shady she's getting ready to fly fly away fly away fly away life in the city can make you crazy for sounds of the sand and the sea life in a high rise can make you hungry for things that you cant even see fly away fly away fly away in this whole world theres nobody as lonely as she theres nowhere to go and theres nowhere that she'd rather be shes looking for lovers and children playing shes looking for sings on the spring listens for laughter and sounds of dancing she listens for any old thing (instrumental)
Julie Styne, Bob Merrill - Funny girl.xml
Funny did ya hear that? Funny! yes the guy said Honey you're a funny girl thats me I just keep them in stitches doubled in half and tho I may be all wrong for the guy I'm good for a laugh I guess its not funny life is far from sunny when the laugh is over and the joke's on you a girl ought to have a sense of humour thats one thing you really need for sure when you're a funny girl the fellow said a funnygirl funny how it aint so funny funny girl.
Jack Rollins, Don Robertson - I Don't Hurt Anymore.xml
I dont hurt anymore all my teardrops are dried no more walkin the floor with that burning insidejust to think it could be time has opened the door and at last I am free I dont hurt any more No use to deny I wanted to die the day you said we were through but now that I find you're out of my mind I cant believe that its true I've forgotten somethat I cares so before and its wonderful now I dont hurt anymore
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Thou Swell.xml
Thou swell! Thou witty! Thou sweet! Thou grand! Wouldst kiss me pretty? Wouldst hold my hand? both thine eyes are cute too; what they do to me. Hear me holler I choose a sweet lolapaloosa in thee. I'd feel so rich in a hut for two; two rooms and kitchen I'm sure would do; give me just a plot of, not a lot of land, And thou swell! Thou witty! Thou grand!
Bob Merrill - Kitty In A Basket.xml
If there's someone in the city doesnt want a little kitty tell them put the little kitty in a basket leave the little basket outside our door and we'll love the little kitty for ever more wrap the kitty warm you never know about a storm and we dont want a little kitty with the sneezes we'll hug her and we'll squeeze her never never tease her want a little kitty in a basket dont mat ter bout the color of her nosie dont care if shes a feller or a girl dont have to be as pretty as a posie and we promise not to laugh if she only has a half a tail if there's
tradtional American folk song - On Top of Old Smoky.xml
On top of old Smoky, All covered with snow, I lost my true lover For courtin' too slow.  Acourtin's a pleasure, Aflirtin's a grief, And a false hearted lover Is worse than a thief.
Gordon Jenkins - This  Is All I Ask.xml
As I approach the prime of my life, I find I have the time of my life learning to enjoy at my leisure all the simple pleasures. And so I happily concede, this is all I ask, this is all I need. Beautiful girls walk a little slower when you walk by me. Lingering sunsets stay a little longer with the lonely sea. Children ev'rywhere, when you shoot at bad men, shoot at me. Take me to that strange, enchanted land grownups seldom under stand. Wandering rainbows leave a bit of color for my heart to own, stars in the sky make my wish come true before the night has flown. And let the music play as long as there's a song to sing, and I will stay younger than spring. Beauti ful spring.
Harry Brooks, Thomas Waller, Andy Razaf - Ain't Misbehavin'.xml
No one to talk with all by myself no one to walk with but I'm happy on the shelf aint misbehavin I'm savin my love for you I know for certain the one I love I'm through with flirting Its just you I'm thin in of aint misbehavin I'm saving my love for you. you Like Jack Horner in the corner dont go no where what do I care your kisses are worth waitin for believe me I dont stay out late dont care to go I'm home about eight just me and my ra dio aint misbehaving I'm savin my love for you.
Peter De Rose, Carl Sigman - Buona Sera.xml
Buona sera, Signorina, buona sera. It is time to say goodnight to Napo li, though it's hard for us to whisper, "Buona sera," with that old moon above the Mediterranean Sea. In the morning, Signorina, we'll go walking where the mountains and the sand come into sight. By the little jewel'ry shop we'll stop and linger While I buy a wedding ring for your finger. In the meantime let me tell you that I love you, Buona sera signorina kiss me good night. Buona night. Buona sera signorina kiss me good night.
Edward Heyman, John W. Green - I Cover the Waterfront.xml
I cover the waterfront I'm watching the sea, will the sea I love be coming back to me. I cover the waterfront in search of my love, and I'm covered by a starless sky above. Here am I patiently waiting hoping and longing oh! how I yearn! Where are you? Are you forgetting? Do you remember? Will you return? I cover the waterfront I'm watching the sea, for the one I love must soon come back to me.
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Another Time, Another Place.xml
Another time, another place, we'll be together again! This kiss, this same embrace wll be more wonderful then! Though goodbye is a sad time, be glad we had time to fall in love; I leave my love with you! When shadows grow, I'll miss the glow that only you can provide, but then I'll just pretend you're still right here by my side! Now give me once more, that kiss I adore, then I'll let you go! But we'll meet another time, another place, I know! Another know!
Procol Harum - A Whiter Shade of Pale.xml
We skipped a light fandango turned cartwheels 'cross the floor I was feeling kinda seasick the crowd called out for more The room was humming harder as the ceiling flew away When we called out for another drink the waiter brought a tray And so it was that later as the miller told his tale that her face, at first just ghostly turned a whiter shade of pale but
Cole Porter - Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye.xml
Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye I die a little, Ev'ry Time We say Goodbuy I wonder why a little, Why the gods above me Who must be in the know Think so litle of me They allow you to go. When you're near there's such an air of Spring about it, I can hear a lark somewhere begin to sing about it There's no love song finer, But how strange the change from major to minor Ev'ry Time We Say Good bye. We Say Goodbye. Ev'ry single time we say goodbye.
Buffy Sainte Marie - Until It's Time For You To Go.xml
You're not a dream, you're not an angel you're a man; I'm not a queen, I'm a woman take my hand. We'll make a space in the lives that we planned, And here we'll stay until it's time for you to go. Yes we're diffrent, worlds apart, we're not the same We laughed and played at the start like in a game. You could have stayed outside my heart but in you came. And here you'll stay until it's time for you to go. Don't ask why. Don't ask how. Don't ask forever love me now.This love of mine had no beginning, has no end I was an oak now I'm a willow now I can bend And tho' I'll never in my life see you again Still I'll Stay until it's time for you to go.
Bon Jovi - Livin' on a Prayer.xml
Tommy used to work on the docks,union's been on strike. He's down on his luck it's toughso tough.Gina works the diner all dayworking for her man, she brings home her pay, for love,for love.She says we've got to hold on to what we got. It doesn't make a diff'rence if we make it or not. We've got each other and that's a lot forlove.We'll give it a shot. Whoa,we're halfway there.Whoa,livin' on a prayer.Take myhand, we'll make it I swear.Whoa,livin' on a prayer.Tommy's got his sixstring in hock,now he's holding in what he used to make it talk. So tough,it's tough.Gina dreams of running away;she cries in the night Tommy whispers: Baby it's O. K.someday.We've got to hold on to what we got. It doesn't make a diff'rence if we make it or not. We've got each other and that's a lot forlove.We'll give it a shot. Whoa,we're halfway there.Whoa,livin' on a prayer.Take myhand, we'll make it I swear.Whoa,livin' on a prayer.Livin' on a prayer.Oh,we've got to holdon ready ornot. You live for the fight when it's all that you've got. Whoa,we're halfway there.Whoalivin' on a prayer.Take my hand and we'll make it, I swear.Whoa,livin' on a prayer.
J.C. Fogerty - Green River.xml
Well, take me back down where cool water flows y'all, Ah, let me remember things I love now. Stopin' at the log where catfish bite, walkin' along the river road at night, barefoot girls danin' in the moon light. I can hear the bull frog callin" me, how! Wonderin' if my rope's still hangin' to the tree. Love to kick my feet way down to shallow water shoefly draggon fly get back to your mother pick up a flat rock, skip it across Green River.
Phil Myers - Bluebird.xml
Blue birds fly far away just to stay warm I try to light a little fire when the winter wind blows in the storm Fire in the fire place chill in my heart So warm when we were together so cold when we're apart Bluebirds always find their way back home flying through the April sky Someday will you feel that spring has come? Someday will you want to tryy? Bluebirds fly far away where I can't be I'll be waiting here in springtime, bluebird fly home to me.
Ray Evans, Jay Livingston - Almost In Your Arms.xml
You're near, that moments here, I'm almost in your arms! Tnight the mood is right, I'm almost in your arms! One sigh, one word and I, will rush to your embrace. Say that dertain word! Sigh that certain sigh! And with all my heart, to your arms I'll fly! It's strange, how we are changed by things that seem so small. One look can write a book, one touch can say it all! We've know those nights alone, and now we've found our way. I'm almost inyour arms, almost in your arms to stay! You're stay!
arrangement of trad. American fiddle tune , Jimmy Driftwood - The Battle Of New Orleans.xml
In eighteen and fourteen we took a little trip along with Colonel Packenham up the Mississip we took a little bacon and we took a little beans and we met up with the Rebels near the town of New Orleans We fired our guns and the Rebels kept acoming There wuzn't nigh as many as they wuz a while ago we fired once more and they began to running on up the Mis sis sipi from the Gulf of Mexico we looked up the river and we seed the Rebels come there must have been a hundred of'em beatin on the drum we stepped so high and we made our bugles ring while they stood beside their cotton bales and didn't say a thing Packenham said we'd take 'em by surprise if we didn't fire a musket till we looked em in the eyes we held our fire till we seed their faces well then we opened up our muskets and we really gave em hell we fired our guns and the Rebels kept acoming there wuznt nigh as many as they wuz a while ago we fired once more and they began to running on up the Mississipi from the Gulf of Mexico they ran through the briars and they ran throught the brambles and they ran through the bushes where a rabbit couldn't go they ran so fast that the hounds couldn't catch em on up the Mississipi from the Gulf of Mexico we fired our connon till the barrel melted down so we grabbed an alligator and we fought another round we filled his head with cannon balls and powdered his behind and when we touched the powder off the gator lost his mind Gulf of Mexico on up the Mississipi from the Gulf of Mexico on up the Mississipi from the Gulf of Mexico.
Jerry Ross and Richard Adler - Rags To Riches.xml
I know I go from rags to riches if you would only say you care. And though my pockets may be empty, I'd be a millionaire. My clothes may still be torn and tattered, but in my heart I'd be a king. Your love is all that ever mattered; it's ev'rything. So open your arms and you'll open the door, to ev'ry treasure that I'm hoping for. Hold me and kiss me and tell me your'e mine evermore. Must I forever be a beggar, whose golden dreams will not come true? Or will I go from rags to riches? My fate is up to you.
Irving Burgie & William Attaway - Day-O (The Banana Boat Song.xml
Dayo, dayayayoDaylight come and me wan'go home, Day, me say day, me say day, me say day, me say day, me say dayo, Daylight come and me wan' go home. Work all night on a drink a' rum. Daylight come and me wan' go home. Stack banana till the mornin' come. Daylight come and me wan' go home.Come, Mister tally man, tally me banana Daylight come and me wan' go home. Come, Mister tally man, tally me banana Daylight come and me wan' go home. Lift six foot, seven foot, eight foot bunch! Daylight come and me wan' go home. six foot, seven foot, eight foot bunch! Daylight come and me wan' go home. Day me say dayayayoDaylight come and me wan'go home, Day, me say day, me say day, me say Daylight come and me wan' go homeA beautiful bunch a' ripe banana, Daylight come and me wan'go home, Hide the deadly black tarantula Daylight come and me wan' go home!t's six foot, seven foot, eight foot bunch! Daylight come and me wan' go home. six foot, seven foot, eight foot bunch! Daylight come and me wan' go home. Day me say dayayayoDaylight come and me wan'go home, Day, me say day, me say day, me say Daylight come and me wan' go homeCome, Mister tally man, tally me banana Daylight come and me wan' go home. Come, Mister tally man, tally me banana Daylight come and me wan' go home.
John Lennon & Paul McCartney - Paperback Writer.xml
Paperback writer Dear Sir or Madam, will you read my book? It took me years to write, will you take a look? It's Based on a novel by a man named Lear and I need a job, so I want to be a paperback writer, Paperback writer. Dirty story of a dirty man and his clinging wife doesn't understand. His son is working for the daily Mail It's a steady job but he wants to be a paperback writer. It's a Paperback writer
Peter Yarrow, Peter Yarrow 1962, based on 1959 poem by Leonard Lipton - Puff, The Magic Dragon.xml
Puff the magic dragon lived by the sea and frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called HonahLee Little Jackie Paper loved that rascal Puff and brought him strings and sealing wax and other fancy stuff Oh! Puff the magic dragon lived by the sea and frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called HonahLee Puff the magic dragon lived by the sea and frolicked in the autumn mist in a land called HonahLee Oh! land called HonahLee.
Dave Brubeck, Iola Brubeck - One Moment Worth Years.xml
It can happen just once in a lifetime, that a touch can bring visions of bliss. So don't wait for perfection. Stop for reflection. Yield with a tender kiss. Dry your tears and just think of this moment, one moment worth years. Only once in a lifetime of waitting does the world seem to promise you more than you thought could exist. So please don't resist. You'll discover what living is for. It may happen just once in a lifetime. It's a momment too rare to ignore. It's you I need, so follow my lead. Let's see what life has in store. Dry your tears and just think of this moment, one moment worth years
Randy Bachman - Takin' Care of Business.xml
Intro rhythm guitar  add piano, bass, drums  4. add lead  get up ev'ry mornin' from the 'larm clock's warnin' take the eight fifteen into the city There's a whistle up above and people pushin' people shovin' and the girls who try to look pretty And if your train's on time you can get to work by nine and start your slavin' job and get your pay If you ever get annoyed look at me I'm self employed I love to work at nothin' all day And I've been takin care of business ev'ry day Takin' care of business ev'ry way I've been takin' care of business it's all mine Takin' care of business and workin' overtime workout
Harry Woods, Jimmy Campbell, Reg Connelly - Try A Little Tenderness.xml
She may be weary Women do get weary wearing the same shabby dress And when sh's weary try a little tenderness You know she's waiting just anticipating things she may never possess While she's with out them try a little tenderness It's not just sentimental she has her grief and care, and a word that's soft and gentle makes it easier to bear You won't regret it women don't forget it Love is their whole happiness It's all so easy try a little tenderness
Felix Bernard, Richard B. Smith - Winter Wonderland.xml
Sleigh bells ring are you listning in the lane snow is glist ning a beauti ful sight we're happy tonight walking in a winter wonderland Gone away is the bluebird here to stay is the new bird to sing his love song as we go along walking in a winter wonderland In the meadow we will build a snowman and pretend that he is Par son Brown He'll say are you married? We'll say no man but you can do the job when you're in town later on we'll conspire as we sit by the fire to face unafraid the plans that we made walking in a winter wonderland,
Mark Barkan, Benjamin Raleigh - She's A Fool .xml
She don't know that she's a luck y girl Got the best thing in the whole wide world Got a love that's hard to find Got the boy I wish were mine but SHE'S A FOOL (shack a doo la) SHE'S A FOOL (shack a doo la) She has his love but treats him rude (shack a doo la shack a doo la)  He don't know it but she cheats with him With a boy like that its such a sin I would nev er be un true I would nev er make him blew but  I know there is gon na come a day He will tell her: "Girl be on your way" May be then he'll turn to me Oh so Happ py I will be that~ SHE'S A FOOL (shack a doo la) SHE'S A FOOL (shack a doo la) She has his love but treats him rude (shack a doo la shack a doo la) SHE'S A FOOL OHHHH SHE'S A FOOL She has his love but treats him rude
Barclay Allen, Roc Hillman - I Found A Friend.xml
I've found a friend when life seemed not worth living I found a friend so tender and forgiving I can't conceive how such a thing could be That Jesus cares for even me. Each day each year, my faith in Him is growing He's ever near His love is overflowing I have no fear, my worldly cares are few I can depend on Him to see me through I found a Friend He can be your Friend too.
Moe Jaffe & Clay Boland - Gypsy In My Soul.xml
If I am fancy free, and love to wander, it's just the gypsy in my soul. There's something calling me, from way out yon der, it's just the gypsy in my soul. I've got to give vent to my emotions, I'm only content having my way. There is no other life, of which I'm fonder, it's just the gypsy in my soul No cares no strings my heart has wings If I am fancy free and love to wander, it's just the gypsy in my soul.
Ralph Rainger, Dorothy Parker - I Wished On The Moon.xml
I wished on the moon for something I never knew, wished on the moon for more than I ever knew: a sweeter rose, a softer sky, an April day that would not dance away, I begged of a star to throw me a beam or two, wished on a star and asked for a dream or two. I looked for ev'ry loveliness, it all came true; I wished on the moon for you.
Oscar Eliason - No Name Has Meant So Much To Me.xml
There is a name on earth I highly treasure Oh, how it thrills my spirit thru and thru! Oh, blessed name beyond degree or measure Oh, wondrous name of Him so kind and true! My heart is thrilled whene'er I think of Jesus That blessed name which sets the captive free The only name thru which I find salvation No name on earth has meant so much to me. That name brings gladness to a soul in sorrow It make life's shadows and its clouds depart Brings strength in weakness for today, tomorrow That name brings healing to an aching heart
Mabel Wayne, Wolfe Gilbert - Ramona.xml
Ramona, I hear the mission bells above, Ramona, they're ringing out our song of love, I press you, caress you, and bless the day you taught me to care, To always remember the rambling rose you wear in your hair. Ramona, when day is done you'll hear my call, Rmona, we'll meet beside the waterfall, I dread the dawn when I awake to find you gone, Ramona I need you my own.
Doris Fisher, Allan Roberts - Put The Blame On Mame.xml
When Missus O'Leary's cow kicked the lantern in Chicago town, they say that started the fire that burned Chicago down. That's the story that went around, but here's the real low down. Put the blame on Mame boys, put the blame on Mame. Mame kissed a buyer from out of town, that kiss burned Chicago down. So you can put the blame on Mame boys, put the blame on Mame  When 2 .they had the earthquake in SanFrancisco, back in nineteen six, they said that ol' Mother Nature was up to her ol' tricks. That's the srory that went around, but here's the real low down. Put the blame on Mame boys, put the blame on Mame. One night she started to shim and shake, that brought on the Frisco quake. So you can put the blame on Mame boys, put the blame on Mame.
Henry Mancini, Al Stillman - How Soon.xml
How soon the flame of love can die. How soon goodnight becomes goodbye. You're gone now, and life goes on now, and evry thing seems out of tune, But time can make a change of heart. And love can make another start. Some day you may come back to me to stay, but who can say how soon.
Carlos Rigual, Michael Vaughn - Love Me With All Of Your Heart.xml
Love me with all of your heart, that's all I want love love me with all of your heart, or not at all Just promise me this that you'll give me all your kisses evry winter evry summer evry fall When we are so far apart or when you're near me love me with all of your heart as I love you Dont give me your love for a moment or an hour love me always as you lov'd me from the start with evry beat of your heart.
Benny Davis, Mark Fisher - Oh How I Miss You Tonight.xml
Oh, how I miss you tonight, Miss you while lights are low, Oh, how I need you tonight, More than you'll ever know. Each moment though we're apart, You're never out of my heart, But I'd rather be lonely, And wait for you only, Oh, pal how I miss you tonight. night.
Ronnie Hinson & Mike Payme 1984 - When He was on the Cross.xml
I'm not on a eg o trip I'm no thing on my own make mis takes I of ten slip just com mon flesh and bone but I'll prove some day just why I say I'm of a spec ial kind for when He was on the cross I was on His mind for he knew me yet He lo ed me He whose glo ry makes the hea vens shine so un wor thy of such mer cy yet when He was on the cross I was on His mind. The look of love was on His face thorns were on His head blood was on his scar let robe staine a crim son red though His eyes ere on the crowd He looked a head in time and when He was on the cross I was on His mind for he knew me yet He lo ed me He whose glo ry makes the hea vens shine so un wor thy of such mer cy yet when He was on the cross I was on His mind.
Jule Styne, Bob Merrill - People.xml
People people who need people are the luckiest people in the world we're children needing other children and yet letting our grown up pride hide all the need inside acting more like children than children loversare very special people they're the luckiest people in the world with one person one very special person a feeling deep in your soul says you were half now your whole no more hunger and thirst but first be a person who needs people people who need people are the luckiest people in the world world,
Gerry Marsden - Ferry Cross the Mersey.xml
Life goes on day after day, hearts torn in every way. So ferry  cross the Mercey cause this land's the place I love and here I'll stay. People they rush everywhere, each with their own secret care. So ferry cross the Mercey and always take me there, the place I love. People around every corner, they seem to smile and say, we don't care what your name is boy, we'll never turn you away. So, I continue to say, here, I always will stay. So, ferry cross the Mercey cause this land's the place I love and here I'll stay, and here I'll stay, here I'll stay.
Oskar Ahnfelt, Carolina V. Sandell-Berg - Day by Day.xml
Day by day, and with each passing moment Strength I find to meet my trials here. Trusting in my Father's wise bestowment I've no cause for worry or for fear. He whose heart is kind beyond all measure Gives unto each day what He deems best. Lovingly its part of pain and pleasure Mingling toil with peace and rest.
Eden Ahbez - Nature Boy.xml
There was a boy. A very strange enchanted boy; They say he wandered very far, very far, over land and sea. A little shy and sad of eye, but very wise was he. And then one day, one magic day, he passed my way, and as we spoke of many things, fools and kings, this he said to me: "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return there just to love and be loved in return
Joseph Winner - Little Brown Jug.xml
My wife and I lived all alone in a little log hut we call our own she loved gin and I loved rum tell you what dont we have fun. Ha ha ha you and me little brown jug dont I love thee ha ha ha you and me little brown jug dont I love thee tis you who make my friends my foes tis you who makes me wear old clothes here you are so near my nose tip her up and down she goes! ha ha ha you and me little brown jug dont I love thee ha ha ha you and me little brown jug dont I love thee!
Horace Gerlach, Bobby Burke - Daddy's Little Girl.xml
You're the end of the rainbow my pot o' gold. You're daddy's little girl to have and hold; A precious gem is what you are, You're mommy's bright and shin ing star.  You're  the spirit of Christmas, my star on the tree, You're the Easter bunny to mommy and me; You're sugar and spice, you're ev'rything nice, And you're daddy's lit tle girl. You're the  You're the  trea sure I cherish, so sparkling and bright, You were touched by holy and beautiful light; Like angels that sing, a heavenly thing, And you're daddy's little
Doc Pomus, Mort Shuman - Save the Last Dance for Me.xml
You can dance ev ery dance with the guy who gave you the eye let him hold you tight. You can smile ev ery smile for the man who held your hand 'neath the pale moon light. But don't for get who's tak ing you home and in whose arms you're gon na be. So dar lin' save the last dance for me. Oh I know that the mu sic is fine like spark ling wi ne go and have your fun. Laugh and sing but wh ile we're a part don't give your heart t o an y one. But don't for get who's tak ing you home and in whose arms you're gon na be. So dar lin' save the last dance for me. Ba by don't you know I love you so? Can't you feel it when we touch? I will ne ver ne ver let you g o. I love you oh so much. You can dance go and car ry on 'til the night is gone and it's time to go. If he asks if you're all a lone can he take you home you must tell him no. 'Cause don't for get who's tak ing you home and in whose arms you're gon na be. So dar lin' save the last dance for me.
Bill Gaither, Bill and Gloria Gaither, Charles Milhuff - The King Is Coming.xml
The marketplace is empty, No more traffic in the street; All the builders' tools are silent, No more time to harvest wheat. Busy housewives cease their labor, In the courtroom, no debate; Work on earth is all suspended As the King comes through the gate. Happy faces line the hallway, Those whose lives have been redeemed; Broken homes that He has mended, Those from prison he has freed. Little children and the aged, Hand in hand stand all aglow; Who were crippled, broken, ruined, Clad in garments white as snow. I can hear the chariots rumble, I can see the marching throng, And the flurry of God's trumpets Spells and end to sin and wrong. Regal robes are now unfolding, Heaven's grandstands all in place; Heaven's choirs now all assembled, Start to sing "Amazing me. Praise God, He's coming for me.
Jill Jackson, Sy Miller - Let There Be Peace On Earth.xml
Let there be peace on earth, and let it begin with me. Let there be peace on earth, the peace that was meant tot be. With God as our Father, brothers all are we; Let me walk with my brother in perfect harmony. Let peace begin with me, let this be the moment now. With ev'ry step I take, let this be my solemn vow: To take each moment and live each moment in peace eternally. Let there be peace on earth and let it begin with me.
J. Russel Robinson, Abe Lyman, George Waggner - Mary Lou.xml
Mary Lou, Mary Lou, cross my heart, I love you. Every bell in the steeple is ready to ring, And all the people are planning pretty presents All for you, Mary Lou, won’t you give your promise true? Why for miles around they're waiting to start their celebrating when you say, "I do" MaryLou
Ray Noble - I Hadn't Anyone Till You.xml
I hadn't anyone till you, I was a lonely one till you. I used to lie awake and wonder if there could be a someone in the wide world just made for me. Now I see, I had to save love for you, I never gave my love till you. And through my lonely heart demanding it, Cupid took a hand in it, I hadn't anyone till you. I hadn't you.
Burton Lane, Frank Loesser - The Lady's In Love With You.xml
Have you ever seen the dawn of love? Little things that mean the dawn of love? Why wait for her to say that she adores you? Long before the first kiss Have you ever seen this? If there's a gleam in her eye each time she straightens your tie, You'll know the lady's in love with you. If she can dress for a date without that waiting you hate It means the lady's in love with you. And when your friends ask you over to join their table But she picks that far away booth for two, Well, sir, here's just how it stands, you've got romance on your hands. Because the lady's in love with you. If there's a you.
Wilbur Schwandt and Fabian Andre, Gus Kahn - Dream A Little Dream Of Me.xml
Stars shining bright above you, Night breezes seem to whisper, "I love you." Birds singing in the sycamore tree, "Dream a little dream of me." Say "nightynight" and kiss me; Just hold me tight and tell me you'll miss me. While I'm alone and blue as can be Dream a little dream of me. Stars fading, but I linger on, dear, Still craving your kiss; I'm longing to linger till dawn, dear Just saying this: Sweet dreams 'til sunbeams find you, Sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you; But in your dreams, whatever they be, Dream a little dream of me.
Tracy Dart 1975, Tracy Dart - God On The Mountain.xml
Life is ea sy when you're up on the moun tain and you've got peace of mind like you've ne ver known but when tbings change and you're down in the val ley Don't lose faith for you're nev er a lone And the God of the moun tain is still God in the val ley when things go wrong He'll make them right and the God in the good times is still God in the bad times The God of the day is still God of the night We talk of faith when we're up on the moun tain but talk comes ea sy when life's at it's best but in the val ley of trials and temp ta tions that's when faith is real ly put to the test and the God of the moun tain is still God in the val ley when things go wrong He'll make them right and the God in the good times is still God in the bad times The God of the day is still God of the night and the God in the good times is still God in the bad times The God of the day is still God of the night
Michel Legrand,  Marilyn and Alan Bergman - Pieces Of Dreams (Little Boy Lost).xml
Little boy lost in search of little boy found. You go awondering, wandering, stumbling, tumbling, round! round! When will you find what's on the tip of you mind? Why are you blind to all you ever were, never were, really are, nearly are? Little boy false in search of lit tle boy true. Will you be ever done traveling, always unravelling you, round! Running away could lead you further astray. And as for fishing in streams for pieces of drea ms, those pieces will never fit. What is the sense of it? Little boy blue don't let your lit tlesheep roam. It's time, come blow your horn, meet the morn, look and see, can you be far from home?
Harry Pease, Ed G. Nelson, Gilbert Dodge - Peggy O Neill.xml
Peggy O Neill is a girl who could steal any heart anywhere any time and I'll put you wise how you'll recognise this wonderful girl of mine if her eyes are blue as skies thats Peggy O Neill if she's smiling all the while thats Peggy O Neill If she walks like a sly little rogue If she talks with a cute little brogue sweet personality full of rascality thats Peggy O Neill.
Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer - Moon River.xml.1
Moon River, wider than a mile, I'm crossing you in style some day. Oh, dream maker, you heart breaker, wherever you're going, I'm going your way. Two drifters off to see the world; there's such a lot of world to see. We're after the same rainbow's end, waiting 'round the bend, my huckleberry friend, Moon River and me.
Various - Waltz Medley.xml
Lit tle Sir Echo how do you do Hel    lo hello little sir Echo I'm feeling blue hello hello hello hello hello wont you come over and play? your a nice little fellow I know by your voice but your always so far away I'll be your sweetheart if you will be mine all my life I'll be your Valentine Bluebells I'll gather take them and be true When I'm a man my plan will be to marry you. In my sweet little Alice blue gown when I first wandered down into town I was both proud and shy as I caught evry eye and in evry shop window I'd primp passing by and in man ner of fash ion I'd frown and the world seemed to smile all around till it wilted I wore it I'll always adore it my sweet littleAlice blue gown.
Elvis Costello - WATCHING THE DETECTIVES.xml
Nice girls not one with a de fect cell o phane shrink wrapped so cor rect Red dogs un der ill eg al legs She looks so good that he gets down and begs She is WATCH ING THE DET ECT IVES "Ooh He's So Cute!" She is WATCH ING THE DE TEC TIVES when they shoot shoot shoot shoot They beat him up un til the tear drops start but he can't be wound ed cuz he's got no heart  Long shot of that jump ing sign In vis a ble shiv ers run ning down my spine Cut to bab y tak ing off her clothes Close up of the sign that says "We Nev er Close" You snatch a tune you match a cig ar ette She pulls the eyes out with a face like a mag net I don't know how much more of this I can take~ She's fil ing her nails while they're drag ging the lake SHE IS  You think you're a lone un til you re al ize you're in it Now fear is here to stay Love is here for a vis it They call it in stant just ice when its past the leg al lim it Some one's scratch ing at the win dow I on der who IS IT? The de tec tives come to check if you be long to the par ents who are rea dy to hear the worst a bout their daugh ter's dis ap pear ance Tho it near ly took a mir a cle to get you to stay it on ly took my lit tle fin gers to blow you a way Just like WATCH ING THE DE TECT TIVES DON'T GET CUTE It's just like WATCH ING THE DE TECT TIVES I get so an gry when the tear drops start but he can't be wound ed cuz he's got no heart WATCH ING THE DE TECT IVES WATCH ING THE DE TECT IVES
Harold Arlen, E. Y. Harburg - Happiness Is A Thing Called Joe.xml.1
It seems like happiness is jes' a thing called Joe. He's got a smile that makes the lilacs wanna grow, He's got a way the makes the angels heave a sigh, When they know Little Joe's passing by. Sometime the cabins gloomy an' the table bare, Then he'll kiss me an' it's Christmas ev'rywhere, Troubles fly away an' life is easy go, Does he love me good, that's all I need to know, Seems like happiness is jes' a thing called Joe. It seem like Joe.
Al Goodhart, Al Hoffman, Arthur Freed - Fit As A Fiddle.xml
Fit as a fiddle and ready for love, I could jump over the moon up above, Fit as a fiddle and ready for love. Haven't a worry, I haven't a care, feel like a feather that's floating on air, Fit as a fiddle and ready for love. Soon the church bells will be ringing And I'll march with Ma and Pa, How those church bells will be ringing, With a hey, nonny, nonny and a hotchacha! Hi diddle diddle, My baby's okay, Ask me a riddle, oh what did she say? Fit as a fiddle and ready for love. love.
Percy Wenrich , Harry Tobias - Sail Along Silv'ry Moon.xml
How I wish I were you Mister moon in the sky so I could sail thru the blue to the sweet bye and bye sail along sil vry moon trail along lovers lane sail along silvry moon to my love again in the glow of your light let me see her tonight once again hold her tight back in lovers lane and then the whole world will seem brighter as we stroll hand in hand two blue hearts will seem lighter you understand sail along silvry moon trail along lovers lane sail along silvry moon to my love again sail along silvry moon gain.
Mort Garson, Bob Hilliard - Our Day Will Come.xml
Our day will come, and we'll have everything We'll share the joy falling in love can bring; No one can tell me that I'm too young to know I love you so And you love me Our day will come, if we just wait a while; No tears for us, think love and wear a smile. Our dream have magic because We'll always stay in love this way. Our day will come.
Julie Gold - From A Distance.xml
From a distance the world looks blue and green and the snow capped mountains white From a distance the ocean meets the stream and the ea gle takes to flight from distance there is harmony and it echoes through the land It's the voice of hope it's the voice of peace It's the voice of ev 'ry man from a man God is watching us God is watching us God is watching us from a distance oh God is
Irving Berlin - Alexanders Ragtime Band.xml
Come on and hear come on and hear Alexanders Ragtime band come on and hear come on and hear its the best band in the land they can play a bugle call like you never heard before so natural that you want to go to war thats just the bestest band what am honey lamb come on a long, come on a long let me take you by the hand, up to the man, up to the man whos the leader of the band and if you care to hear the Swanee River played in ragtime come on and hear, come on and hear, Alexanders Ragtime Band, come on and band.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney - Hey Jude.xml
Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart. Then you can start to make it bet ter. Hey Jude, don't be afraid. You were made to go out and get her. The minute you let her under your skin. Then you begin to make it better And anytime you feel the pain, hey Jude, refrain. Don't carry the world upon your shoulders, for well you know that it's a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder. Da da da da da da da da da Hey Jude, don't let me down. You have found her now go and get her. Remember to let her in to your heart. Then you can start to make it better So let it out and let it in, hey Jude, begin. You're waiting for someone to perform with, and don't you know that it's just you, hey Jude, you'll do. The movement you need is on your shoulder. Da da da da da da da da da Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her under your skin. Then you'll begin to make it better, better, better, better, better, better. Oh Da da da da da da da. Da da da da, hey Jude. Da da da da da da da. Da da da da, hey Jude.
Benny Andersson, Bjorn Ulvaeus - Money Money Money.xml
I work all night, I work all day, to pay the bills I have to pay ain't it sad & still there never seems to be a single penny left for me that's too bad So in my dreams I have a plan If I got me a wealthy man I wouldn't have to work at all, I'd fool around & have a ball Money, money, money must be funny In the rich man's world Money, money, money always sunny In the rich man's world Aha, aha. all the things I could do If I had a little money It's a rich man's world man like that is hard to find but I can't get him off my mind ain't it sad & if he happens to be free I bet he wouldn't fancy me that's too bad So I must leave, I'll have to go To Las Vegas or Monaco & win a fortune in a game, my life will never be the same Money, money, money must be funny In the rich man's world Money, money, money always sunny In the rich man's world Aha, aha. all the things I could do If I had a little money It's a rich man's world
Bob Troup - Route 66.xml
If you ever plan to motor west Travel my way take the high way that's the best. Get your kicks on route sixty six. It winds from Chicago to L.A. More than two thousand miles all the way You go saint looey and Joplin Missouri and Okla homa city is mightypretty you'll see Ammar illo, Gallup, New Mexico FlagstaffArizona Don't forget Winona Kingman Barstow San Bernardino Won't you get hip to this timely tip When you make that California trip get your kicks on route sixty six
Johnny Marks - Rockin' Around The Christmas Tree (Transcribed Brenda Lee Record).xml
Rockin' around the Christmas tree at the Christmas party hop. Mistletoe hung where you can see, ev'ry couple tries to stop. Rockin' around the Christmas tree, let the Christmas spirit ring. Later we'll have some pumkin pie and we'll do some caroling. You will get a sentimental feeling when you hear voices singing "Let's be jolly, deck the halls with boughs of holly". Rockin' a round the Christmas tree, have a happy holiday. Ev'ryone's dancing merrily in the new, old fashioned way. You will get a sentimental feeling when you hear voices singing "let's be jolly, deck the halls with boughs of holly. Rockin' around the Christmas Tree, have a happy holiday Ev'ryone's dancing merrily, in the new old fashioned way.
Adolphe Adam - O Holy night.xml
O Holy night the stars are brightly shining it is the night of the dear Saviours birth. long lay the world in sin and error pining till He appeared and the soul felt its worth a thrill of hope the weary world rejoices for yondeer breaks a new and glorious morn fall on your knees O hear the angel voices O night divine O night when Christ was born O night divine O night O night divine
Carl Sigman, Percy Faith - My Heart Cries For You.xml
If you're in Arizona I'll follow you if you're in mine sota I'll be there too You'll have a milion chances to start anew because my love is endless for you My heart cries for you sighs for you dies for you, and my arms long for you please come back to me.
Jerome  Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - Ol' Man River (with verse).xml
Colored folks all work 'long the Mis sis sip i, Colored folks all work while de white folk play. Pull in' dem boats from de dawn till sun set, Get tin' no rest till de judge ment day. Don't look up an' don't look down, you don't das make tde boss man frown. Bend your knees and bow your head, and pull dat rope un til you dead. Let me go 'way from the Mis sis sip i, let me go 'way from de white man boss. Show me dat stream called de Riv er Jor dan, Dats de old stream that I long to cross. Ol' Man River, dat ol' man river He must know sumpin' but don't sat nothin', He jes keeps roll in', he keeps on rollin' along. He don't plant tatters, he don't plant cotton, An' dem dat plants 'em is soon forgotten, but Ol' Man Riv er, he jes keeps rol lin' a long. You and me, we sweat and strain, Bod y all ach in' an' racked wd pain, "Tote that barge! lift dat bale." Get a lit tle drunk and you'll land in jail . Ah gets wear y and sick of try ing, Ahm tired of liv in', an feared of dyin', But Ol' Man River he jes keeps rollin' along.
Traditional, Hugh Robertson - Mairi's Wedding.xml
Step we gaily on we go heel for heel and toe for toe arm in arm and on we go all for Mairis wedding over hillways up and down myrtle green and bracken brown past the sheiling through the town all for sake of Mairi
Elmer Bernstein, Johnny Mercer - Love With the Proper Stranger.xml
I could fall in love with the proper stranger, if I heard the bells and the banjoes ring. If two certain eyes with a look of danger smiled a welcome warm as spring. If the tomtom in my heart sounded out a warning, "Don't let her, don't let her walk through the door, this is the one you've been waiting for." Oh yes, I'd know, however wild it seemed. You know I'd know, and I'd whisper: "Come and take my hand, proper stranger. Don't go through life as a stranger for I'm a poor proper stranger too."
Buddy Buie, Emory Gordy, J. Cobb - Traces (Transcribed).xml
Faded  photographs, covered  now with  lines and  creases. Tickets  torn in half, memories in  bits  and  pieces, Traces  of  love, long  ago  that  didn't  work out  right Traces  of  love. Ribbons  from her  hair, souvenirs of  days together The rings she used to  wear, pages  from an  old  love  letter, Traces  of  love, long  ago  that  didn't  work out  right. Traces  of  love with me tonight. I close my  eyes and say a  prayer that  in her  heart she'll find a  trace  of  love still there. somewhere. Traces  of  hope  in  the  night that  she'll come  back and  dry these traces of  tears from my eyes.
Gene Raskin, Traditional - Those were the days.xml
Once upon a time there was a tavern. Where we used to raise a glass or two. Remember ho we laughed away the hours, Think of all the great things we would do. Those were the days, my friend. We thought they'd never end, we'd sing and dance for ever and a day. We'd live the life we chose, we'd fight and never lose for we were young and sure to have our way. La la la la la la la la la la la la La la la la, la la la la la la. Then the busy years went rushin by us, we lost our starry motions on the way. If by chance I'd see you in the tavern, we'd smile at on another and we'd say: those were the days, oh yes those were the days.
Rusty Goodman 1968 - Had It Not Been.xml
just su pose God searched through Hea ven and could n't find one wil ling to be the su preme sac ri fice that was need ed to buy e ter nal life for you and me Oh had it not been for a place called Mt. Cal vary had it not been for the old rug get cross had it not been for a man called Je sus then for ev er my soul would be lost But I'm so glad He was will ing to drink His bit ter cup al though He prayed Fa ther let it pass from me Oh I'm so glad He did n't call Heav en's an gels from my hands pull the nails that tor ment me Oh had it not been for a place called Mt. Cal vary had it not been for the old rug get cross had it not been for a man called Je sus then for ev er my soul would be lost
Alan Silvestri, Glen Ballard - Believe.xml
Children sleeping, snow is softly falling. Dreams are calling like bells in the dis tance. We were dreamers, not so long ago, but one by one, we all had to grow up. When it seems the magic slipped away, we find it all again on Christmas day. Be lieve in what your heart is saying, hear the melody that's playing. There's no time to waste, there's so much to celebrate. Believe in what you feel inside and give your dreams the wings to fly. You have ev'rything you need if you just believe  Trains move quickly to their journeys end. Destinations are where we begin again. Ships go sailing, far across the sea, trusting starlight to get where they need to be. When it seems that we have lost our way, we find ourselves again on Christmas day. believe. If you just believe, if you just believe, if your just believe. Just believe, just believe.
Harry Owens - To You, Sweetheart, Aloha.xml
To You, Sweetheart, Aloha, Aloha from the bottom of my heart. keep the smile on your lips, brush yhe tear from your eye, one more Aloha, then it's time for goodbye. To You, Sweetheart, Aloha in dreams I'll be with you, Dear, tonight, and I'll pray for that day when we two will meet again, until then, Sweetheart, Aloha
Fred E.Ahlert, Bing Crosby, Roy Turk - Where the Blue of the Night.xml
Where the blue of the night meets the gold of the day Someone waits for me and the gold of her hair crowns the blue of her eyes like a halo tenderly If only I could see her Oh how happy I would be where the blue of the night meets the gold of the day Someone waits for me.
Beverly Ross, Edna Lewis - JUDY'S TURN TO CRY.xml
Cuz now it's JU DY'S TURN TO CRY, JU DY'S TURN TO CRY, JU DY'S TURN TO CRY cuz John ey's come back to me!  When Ju dy left with John ey at my par ty and came back wear in' his ring. I sat down and cried my eyes out Now that was a fool ish thing  It hurt me so to see them dance to geth er I felt like mak ing a scene. Then my tears just fell like rain drops cuz Ju dy's smile was so mean!
Hank Williams, Fred Rose - A Mansion On The Hill.xml
Tonight down here in the valley I'm lonesome and oh how I feel as I sit here alone in my cabin I can see your mansion on the hill Do you recall when we parted The story to me you revealed You said you could live without love, dear in your loveless mansion on the hill
Corporal Anania Amohau   (Te Arawa) - Maori Battalion.xml
Maori Battalion march to victory Maori Battalion staunch and true, MaoriBattalion march to glo ry take the honourof your people with you you will march, march march to the enemy and will fight right to the end for god for king and country aue Ake ak e ki a kahae! Maori Bat e!
Jester Hairston - Mary's Boy Child (Transcribed).xml
Long time ago in Bethlehem, so the Holly Bible says, Mary's Boy Child Jesus Christ was born on Christmas day. Hark now hear the angels sing a new king born today, and man will live forever more because of Christmas day. Trumpets sound and angels sing. Listen what they say, that man will live forever more because of Christmas day. While shepherds watch their flocks by night, they see a bright new shining star. then hear a choir sing music from afar. Now Joeseph and his wife Mary come to Bethlehem that night but find no place to born the Child, not a single room was in sight. Hark now hear the angels sing a new king born today, and man will live forever more because of Christmas day. Trumpets sound and angels sing. Listen what they say, that man will live forever more because of Christmas day. By and by they find a nook in a stable all forlorn and in a manger cold and dark, Mary's little Boy was born. Long time ago in Bethlehem, so the Holly Bible says, Mary's Boy Child Jesus Christ was born on Christmas day. Hark now hear the angels sing a new king born today, and man will live forever more because of Christmas day. Trumpets sound and angels sing. Listen what they say, that man will live forever more because  of  Christmas day.
Turner Layton, Henry Creamer - Way Down Yonder In New Orleans.xml
Way down yonder in New Orleans, In the land of dreamy scenes Ther's a garden of Eden, That's what I mean, Creole babies with flashing eyes. Softly whisper with tender sighs, "Stop! Oh! won't you give you lady fair a little smile. Stop! You bet your life you'll linger there. a little while." There is Heaven right here on earth With those beautiful queens, Way down yonder in New Orleans.
traditional - She'll be coming round the mountain.xml
She'll be coming round the mountain when she comes she'll be coming round the mountain when she comes she'll be coming round the mountain, she'll be coming round the mountain she'll be coming round the mountain when she comes Singing ayeyiyippee yippeeaye singing ayeyiyippee yippee aye singing ayeyiyippee ayeyiyippee singing ayeyiyippee yippee aye.
Willard Robison, Larry Conley - A Cottage For Sale.xml
Our little dream castle with ev'ry dream gone, Is lovely and silent, The shades are all drawn. And my heart is heavy as I gaze upon A Cottage For Sale The lawn we were proud of is waving in hay, Our beautiful garden has withered away. Where you planted roses The weeds seem to say A Cottage For Sale, From ev'ry single windonw, I see your face. But when I reach a window, There's empty space. The key's in the mailbox the same as before. But no one is waiting for me any more The end of our story is told on the door A Cottage For Sale. Our Sale.
Jean Schwartz, Sam M. Lewis, Joe Young - Rock-A-Bye Your Baby (With A Dixie Melody).xml
Rockabye your baby with a Dixie melody; When you croon, croon a tune from the heart of Dixie. Just hang my cradle, Mammy mine, Right on that MasonDixon Line; And swing it from Virginia to Tennessee with all the love that's in ya. "Weep no more," my Lady; "sing that song again for me, And "Old Black Joe," just as though you had me on your knees, A million baby kisses I'll deliv er the minute that you sing the "Swanee River;" Rockabye your rockabye baby with a Dixie Melody. dy.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Where Or When.xml.1
It seems we stood and talked like this before. We looked at each other in the same way then, but I can't remember Where Or When. The clothes you're wearing are the clothes you wore. The smile you are smiling you were smiling then, but I can't remember Where Or When Some things that happen for the first time, seem to be happening again. And so it seems that we have met before, and laughed before, and loved before, but who knows Where Or When!
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - Ill Wind.xml
Blow ill wind, blow away, let me rest today. You're blowin' me no good, no good. Go ill wind, go away, skies are oh, so gray, Around my neighborhood and that's no good. You're only misleadin' the sunshine I'm needin', And ain't that ashame. It's so hard to keep up with troubles that creep up From out of nowhere, When lovesto blame. So ill wind, blow away, let me rest today, You're blowin' me no good, no good, no good.
Barry Mann and Larry Kolber - I Love How You Love Me (Transcribed).xml
I love how your eyes close whenever you kiss me and when I'm away from you I love how you miss me. I love the way you always treat me, tenderly. But darling most of all, I love how you love me. I love how your heart beats whenever I hold you. I love how you think of me without being toold to. I love the way your touch is always heavenly. But darling most of all, I love how you love me. I love the way your touch is always heavenly. But darling most of all, I love how you love me. I love how you hug me. I love how you squeeze me, tease me, please me, love how you love me. I love how you love me. I love how you love me. I love how you love me.
J.Keyes, C.&G.Feaster, F McRae, J.Edwards - Sh-Boom (Life Could Be A Dream).xml
Life could be a dream, if I could take you up in Paradise up above, if you would tell me I'm the only one that you love, life could be a dream, sweetheart, hello, hello again, shboom, and hopin' we'll meet again. Oh, life could be a dream, if only all my precious plans would come true if you would let me spend my whole life lovin you, life could be a dream, sweetheart Ev'ry time I look at you something is on my mind, if you'd do what I want you to, baby, we'd be so fine, Oh, life could be a dream, if I could take you up to Paradise up above, if you would tell me I'm the only one that you love, life could be a dream, sweetheart.
Sylvia Fine - Lullaby In Ragtime.xml
Won't you play the music so the cradle can rock To a lullaby in ragtime. Sleepy hands are creeping to the end of the clock Play a lullaby in ragtime. You can tell the sandman is on his way by the way, that they play. As still as the trill of a thrush In a twilight hush So you can hear the rhythm of the ripples on the side of the boat As you sail away to dreamland. High above the moon You hear a silvery note As the sandman takes your hand So rockabye my baby Don't you cry my baby Sleepy time is nigh Won't you rock me to a ragtime Lul la by.
Irving Berlin - They Say It's Wonderful.xml
They say that falling in love is wonderful, it's wonderful so they say. And with a moon up above, it;s wonderful, it's wonerful so they tell me. I can't recall who said it, I know I never read it. I only know they tell me that love is grand, and the thing that's known as romance is wonderful, wonder ful, in ev'ry way, so they say say.
Londonderry Air, Traditional Irish tune, Frederic Weatherly 1910 - Danny Boy.xml
Oh Danny boy the pipes the pipes are call ing from glen to glen and down the mountain side the summers gone and all the roses fall ing its you its you must go and I must bide but come you back when summers in the mea dow or when the valleys hushed and white with snow Its I'll be here in sunshine or in sha dow Oh Danny boy, oh Danny boy I love you so.
Richard Rodgers, Lorentz Hart - I Could Write A Book .xml
A B C D E F G I never learned to spell, at least not well. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, I never learned to count a great amount. But my busy mind is burning to use what learning I've got. I won't waste any time, I'll strike while the iron is hot. If they asked me I could write a book, about the way you walk and whisper and look. I could write a preface on how we met, so the world would never forget. And the simple secret of the plot is just to tell them that I love you a lot. Then the world discovers as my book ends, how to make two lovers of friends. If they friends.
Noel Gay, Frank Eyton, Ian Grant - Let the People Sing.xml
Let the people sing sing like anything any sort of song they choose let the people sing let the welkinring any thing to kill the blues find a merry song to cheer them tell them that I long to hear them when things all go wrong you will find a song welcome as a breath of spring therfore let the people sing.
Benny Andersson & Bjorn Ulvaeus - Chiquitita.xml
Chiquitita, tell me what's wrong you're enchained by your own sorrow inyour eyes there is no hope for tomorrow. How I hate to see you like this, there is no way you can deny it, I can see that you're, oh, so sad, so quiet, Chiquitita, tell me the truth, I'm a shoulder you can cry on. Your best friend, I'm the one you must rely on. You were always sure of yourself, now I see you've broken a feather, I hope we can patch it up together,Chiquitita, you and I know how the heartaches come and they go and the scars they''re leavin' You'll be dancin' once again and the pain will end, you will have no time for grievin', Chiquitita you and I cry but the sun is still in the sky and shinin' above you, let me hear you sing once more like you did before, sing a new song, Chiquitita, Try once more like you did before, sing a new song Chiquitita. So the walls came tumblin' down, and your love's a blown out candle, all is gone and it seems too hard to handle, Chiquitita tell me the truth, there is no way you can deny it, I see that you're, oh, so sad so quiet.
Jimmy Henderson, Bertha Scott, Sid Robbin  - I Miss You So .xml
Those happy hours I spent with you, that lovely after glow, most of all I MISS YOU SO. Your sweet caresses, each rendezvous, your voice so soft and low, most of all I MISS YOU SO. You once filled mu heart with no regrets, no fears, now you'll find my heart fill'd to the top with tears. Once you promised me we'd never part my dear, now I long to see the day I'll find you near. I'll always love you and want you too, how much you'll never know, most of all I MISS YOU SO.
Neil  Diamond - Play Me.xml
She was morning and I was night time I one day woke up to find her lyin' beside my bed I softly said come take me For I've been lonely in need of someone as though I'd done someone wrong somewhere but I don't know where I don't know where come lately You are the sun, I am the moon, you are the words, I am the tune Play me Song she sang to me song she brang to me words that rang in me rhyme that sprang from me warmed the night and what was right became me You are the sun I am the moon you are the words I am the tune, play me you are the sun I am the moon you are the words I am the tune play me.
Al Hoffman, John Klenner - Heartaches.xml
Heartaches heartaches my loving you meant only hearaches your kiss was such a sacred thing to me I can't believe its just a burning memory heartaches heartaches what does it matter how my heart breaks? I should be happy with someone new but my heart aches for you,
Frederick M. Lehman - Royal Telephone.xml
Central's never busy" Always on the line You can hear from Heav en Al most any time 'Tis a Royal service Built for one and all, When you get in trouble give this Royal line a call. Telephone to Glory, Oh what joy Divine I can feel the current moving on the line. Made by God the Father for His very own, You may talk to Jesus on the ROY AL TEL E PHONE. There will be no charges Telephone is free It is built for service Just for you and me. There will be no waiting on this Royal line, Telephone to Glory always answers just in time. ROY AL TEL E PHONE
Noel Coward - I'll Follow My Secret Heart.xml
I'll follow my secret heart my whole life through I'll keep all my dreams apart till one comes true No matter what price is paid, what stars may fade above I'll follow my secret heat till I find love
Del Lyon & Lani McIntire - The One Rose.xml
You're as sweet as the red rose in June, Dear, I love you, adore you, I do. Each night thru' loveland we'd wander, sweetheart, telling love stories anew. Out of a blue sky a dark cloud came rolling breaking my heart in two, Don't leave me alone, I love only you, You're The One Rose that's left in my heart.
Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.xml
You're on the phone with your girlfriend, she's upset.She's going off about something that you said'cause she doesn't get your humor like I do. I'm in the room, it's a typical Tuesday nightI'm list'ning to the kind of music she doesn't likeand she'll never know your story like I do. But she wears short skirts, I wear tshirts. She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers dreaming 'bout the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been herethe whole time. If you could see that I'mthe onewho understands you, been here allalong.So why can't you see,ee,you belongwith me,ee?You belongwith me.Walk in the streets with youand your worn outjeans,I can't help thinking this is how it ought tobe.Laughing on a park bench, thinking to myself,"Hey isn't this easy?"And you've got a smile that could light up this wholetown.I have n't seen it in a while since she brought you down.You say you're fine, I know you better than that. Hey, what you doing with a girl like that? She wears high heels, I wear sneakers. She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers dreaming 'bout the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been herethe whole time. If you could see that I'mthe onewho understands you, been here allalong.So why can't you see,ee,you belongwith me,ee.Standing by,waiting at your back door. All this time,how couldyou not know?Baby,ee,you belongwith me,ee.You belongwith me.Oh,I remember you driving to my house in the middle of the night. I'm the one who makes you laugh when you know you're 'bout to cry. I know your fav'rite songs and you tell me 'bout your dreams. Think I know where you belong, think I know it's withme. Can't you see that I'm the onewho understands you? Been here all alongso why can't you see,ee,you belongwith me,ee?You belongwith me.Have you ever though just maybe,ee,you belongwith me,ee?You belongwith me.
Sting - Message In A Bottle.xml
Just a cast away an island lost at sea o another lonely day noone here but me o More loneliness than any man could bear rescue me before I fall into despair o I'll send an S O S to the world I'll send an S O S to the world I hope that some one gets my I hope that some one gets my I hope that some one gets my I hope that some one gets my message in abottle yeah message in a bot tle yeah messagein a bottle Message in a bot tle yeah I'm sending out an S O S I"m
Neil Diamond, Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman - You Don't Bring Me Flowers.xml
You don't bring me flowers you don't sing me love songs you hardly talk to me anymore when you come through the door at the end of the day I remember when you couldn't wait to love me used to hate to leave me now after lovin me late at night when its good for you and you're feelin all right well you just roll over and turn out the light and you don't bring me flowers anymore It used to be so nat'ral to talk about for ever but used to be's don't count anymore they just lay on the floor till we sweep them away and baby I remember all the things you taught me I learned how to laugh and I learned how to cry well, I learned how to love even learned how to lie so you'd think I could learn how to tell you goodbye cause you don't bring me flowers anymore well you'd think I could learn how to tell you goodbye cause you don't say you need me you don't sing me love songs you don't bring me flowers anymore.
Sonny Curtis - Walk Right Back.xml
I want you to tell me why you walked out on me, 'Cause I'm so lonesome ev'ry day I Want you to know that since you walked out on me, Nothing seems to be the same old way. Oh! think about the love that burns within my heart for you. The good times we had before you went away. Walk right back to me this minute, Bring your love to me, don't send it, I'm so lonesome evry day I'm so lonesome ev'ry day.
Hoagy Carmichael, Mitchell Parish - Stardust.xml
And now the purple dusk of twilight time, steals across the meadows of my heart High up in the sky the little stars climb, always reminding me that we're appart.You wandered down the lane and far away leav ing me a song that will not die Love is now the Star Dust of yesterdaythe music of the years gone by. Sometimes I wonder why I spend the lonely night dreaming of a song. The melody haunts my reverie, and I am once again with you, when our love was new, and each kiss an inspiration. But that was long ago, now my consola tion is in the Star Dust of a song. Beside agarden wall, when stars are bright, you are in my arms. The nightingale tells his fairy tale of paradise where roses grew. Though I
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - My Shining Hour.xml
This moment, this minute and each sec ond in it, will leave a glow upon the sky. And as time goes by, it will never die. This will be my shining hour, Calm and happy and bright. In my dreams your face will flower through the darkness and the light. Like the lights of home before me. or an angel watching o'er me. This will be my shining hour till I'm with you again.
Eubie Blake, Noble Sissle - I'm Just Wild About Harry.xml
I'm just wild about Harry And Harry's wild about me. The heav'nly blisses of his kisses fill me with ecstasy. He's sweet just like choc'late candy, And just like honey from the bee. Oh, I'm just wild about Harry And he's just wild about, cannot do without, He's just wild about me.
Roger Miller - Old Toy Trains.xml
Old toy trains, little toy tracks, little boy drums comin' from a sack carried by a man dressed in white and red. Little boy, don't you think it's time you were in bed? Close your eyes, listen to the skies. All is calm, all is well, soon you'll hear Kris Kringle and the jingle bells bringin' old toy trains, little toy tracks, little boy drums, comin' from a sack carried by a man dressed in white and red. Little boy, don't you think it's time you were in bed? Close your bed? Little boy don't you think it's time you were in bed?
Jerry Bock, Sheldon Harnick - If I Were A Rich Man (from Fiddler On The Roof).xml
If I Were A Rich Man Daidle deedle daidle digguh digguh deedle daidle dum All day long I'd biddy biddy bum if I were a wealthy man digguh digguh deedle daidle man. I'd build a big tall house with rooms by the dozen Right in the middle of the town A fine tin roof with real wooden floors below There would be one long staircase just going up And one ev en longer coming down And one more leading nowhere just for show I'd fill my yard with chicks and turkeys and geese and ducks for the town to see and hear Squawking just as noisily as they can And each loud quack and cluck and gobble and honk will land like a trumpet on the ear As if to say here lives a wealthy man
Al Hoffman, John Klenner - Heartaches.xml.1
Heartaches, heartaches, My loving you meant only heartaches. Your kiss was such a sacred thing to me, I can't believe it's just a burning memory. Heartaches, heartaches What does it matter how my heart breaks? I should be happy with someone new, But my heart aches for you. you.
Joe Bishop, Gordon Jenkins - Blue Prelude.xml
Let me sigh let me cry when I'm blue. Let me go 'way from this lonely town. Won't be long till my song will be thru', 'cause I know I'm on my last goround. All the love I could steal beg or borrow wouldn't heal all this pain in my soul. What is love, but a prelude to sorrow with a heartbreak ahead for your goal. Here I go, now you know why I'm leaving; Got the blues, what can I lose, goodbye.
Fidenco Dante Marchetti, Dick Manning - Fascination.xml
It was Fascination I know, and it might have ended right then at the start, Just a passing glance, just a brief romance, and I might have gone on my way empty hearted . It ws fascination I know . seeing you alonr with the moonlight above , then I touched your hand and next moment I kissed you , Fascination turned to love .
Buddy Kaye & Jules Loman - Christmas Alphabet.xml
"C" is for the Candy trimmed around the Christmas tree. "H" is for the Happiness with all the family. "R" is for the Reindeer prancing by the window pane. "I" is for the Icing on the cake as sweet as sugar cane. "S" is for the Stocking on the chimney wall. "T" is for the Toys beneath the tree so tall. "M" is for the Mistletoe where ev'ryone is kissed. "AQ" is for the Angels who make up the Christmas list. "S" is for old Santa who makes ev'ry kid his pet. Be good and he'll bring you ev'rything in your CHRISMAS ALPHABET. CHRISTMAS ALPHABET.
Peggy Lee - It's Christmas Time Again.xml
Snowflakes falling, Church bells calling, It's Christmas time again. Fires lighted, kids excited, It's Christmas time again. Now Santa's sleigh is on it's way with candy canes and toys. And wonderful things that Santa Clause brings to good little girls and boys. Candles glow, and mistletoe, It's Christmas time again. Stockings hung and carols sung, It's Christmas time again. There's the tree to trim our glasses brim with love and joy and cheer. To all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. To New Year.
Vic Mizzy - The Addams Family Theme.xml
They're creepy and they're kooky, mysterious and spooky, they're altogether ooky, The Addams Family. Their house is a museum, where people come to see 'em, they really are a screeum, The Addams Family Neat. Sweet. Petite. So get a witches shawl on, a broomstick you can craw on, we're gonna pay a call on the Addams Family.
F. Stanley, Paddy Roberts - The Bluebell Polka.xml
Pickin a bluebell in the merry month of May and suddenly I saw him strolling on his way pickin a bluebell just the same as I was too I thought I could be happy with a boy like you and as he turned and smiled at me my heart stood still I never knew a smile could give me such a thrill he was a handsome laddie and he looked so good I promised that I'd meet him in the bluebell wood. Half past seven by the old oak tree I was waiting anticipating what would happen to a girl like me when he came along Pickin a bluebell in the merry month of May and suddenly I saw him strolling on his way, pickin a blue bell just the same as I was too I thought I could be happy with a boy like you He looked won derful oh so wonderful how was I to see he would make a fool of me? Two dark flashing eyes looked like paradise my heart flickered like a flame, what was I to do? met my Waterloo there I stood for him waiting in the wood for him I'm confessin I learned my lesson and now I'll never be the same. Pickin a
Paul Anka - Tell Me That You Love Me.xml
Tell me that you love me, Tell me that you care, Tell me when I want you You'll be waiting there, Because I need you like I want you, I want you like I need Your love. Tell me you're my baby, Tell me you're my love, Tell me you will shine dear Like the stars above, Because I need you like I want you, I want you like I need Loveoohoo. Tell me that you love me and I will be so true,Oh tell me that you care and I'll be true to you Well your love your love
Carl Lee Perkins - Blue Suede Shoes.xml
Well it's one for the money two for the show three to get ready now go cat go but don't you step on my blue suede shoes You can do anything by lay off of my blue suede shoes Well you can knock me down step in my face slander my name all over the place Do anything that you want to do but uhuh honey lay off of my shoes don't you step on my blue suede shoes You can do anything but lay off of my blue suede shoes. You can burn my house steal my car drink my ciderfrom my old fruit jar shoes
John Denver - I'm Sorry.xml
It's cold here in the cit y it always seems that way and I've been thinkin about you almost evry day but thinkin about the good times thinkin about the rain thinkin about how bad it feels alone again I'm sorry for the way things are in China I'm sorry things aint what they used to be but more than anything else I'm sorry for my self cause you're not here with me Our friends all ask about you I say you're doin fine I expect to hear from you almost anytime they all know I'm cryin that I can't sleep at night they all know I'm dyin down deep inside sorry for all the lies I told you I'm sorry for the things I didnt say (Instrumental)
Eddie Cooley - Priscilla.xml
Ooh Pris cilla at last I've found you come let me put my arms around you Ooh Priscilla you sweet thing ya, please wear my ring on your finger Ooh Priscil la ayyay Priscilla Hey little girl you know youve got my poor happy heart oh Priscil la ay yay Priscilla well I hope you know just what you have started you came near me and rolled those eyes You knew theyd get me by and by Ooh Pris in the mornin and nighttime too Icant seem to get my mind off you
Bob Haggart, Johnny Burke - What's New.xml
What's new How is the world treating you? You haven't changed a bit; lovely as ever, I must admit. What's new? How did that romance come through? We haven't met since then, gee, but it's nice to see you again. What's new? Pro bably I'm boring you, but seeing you is grand, and you were sweet to offer your hand, I understand. Adieu, pardon my asking what's new, of course you couldn't know I haven't changed, I still love you so.
William J. & Gloria Gaither 1971 - Something Beautiful.xml
some thing beau ti ful some thing good all my con fus ion He un der stood all I had to of fer Him was bro ken ness and strife but He made some thing beau ti ful of my life if there ev er were dreams that were lof ty and no ble they were mine from the start and the hopes for life's best were the hopes that I har bored down deep in my heart but my dream turned to ash es my cas tles all crum bled my for tune turned to loss so I wrapped it all in the rags of my life and laid it at the cross some thing beau ti ful some thing good all my con fus ion He un der stood all I had to of fer Him was bro ken ness and strife but He made some thing beau ti ful of my life
from Schlesische Volkslieder, 17th Century, from the German - Fairest Lord Jesus.xml
Fairest Lord Jesus! Ruler of all nature! O Thou of God and man, the Son! Thee will I cherish; Thee will I honor, Thou, my soul's glory, joy, and crown.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice - Any Dream Will Do.xml
I close my eyes drew back the curtain to see for certain what I thought I knew Far far away someone was weeping but the world was sleeping, any dream will do I wore my coat with golden lineing bright colours shining wonderful and new. and in the east the dawn was breaking and the world was waking any dream will do. A crash of drums, a flash of light my golden coat flew out of sight The colours faded into darkness, I was left alone May I re turn to the begining the light is dimming and the dream is too, the world and I, we are still waiting still hesitating any dream will do, Any dream will do Any dream will do
Galt MacDermot, James Rado & Gerome Ragni - Aquarius.xml
When the moon is in the seventh house and Jupiter aligns with Mars, Then peace will guide the planets, And love will steer the stars This is the dawning of the age of Aquarius The age of Aquarius Aquarius Aquarius. Harmony and understand ing, Sympathy and trust abound ing No more falsehoods or derisions, Golden living dreams of visions, Mystic crystal revela tion, And the mind's true liberation, Aquarius, Aquarius, When the moon is in the seventh house and Jupiter aligns with Mars, Then peace will guide the planets, And love will steer the stars This is the dawning of the age of Aquarius The age of Aquarius Aquarius Aquarius.
Gavin Sutherland - Sailing.xml
I am sailing I am sailing home again 'cross the sea I am sail ing stormy waters to be near you to be free I am flying I am flying like a bird 'cross the sky I am flying passing high clouds to be with you to be free.
Gerry Goffin, Carole King, Jerry Wexler - (You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman.xml
Lookin' out on the morning rain, I used to feel uninspired. And when I knew I'd have to face another day, Lord, it made me feel so tired. Before the day I met you, life was so unkind Your love was the key to my peace of mind, 'cause you make me feel you make me feel You Make Me Feel Like A Natural Woman When my soul was in the lost and found, you came along to claim it. I didn't know just what was wrong with me 'til your kiss helped me name it. Now I'm no longer doubtful of what I'm living for, cause if I make you happy I don't need to do more, Oh, baby, what you've done to me! (What you've done to me!) You make me feel so good inside (Good inside.) And I just want to be (want to be) close to you. You make me feel so alive! You make me feel you make me feel You Make Me Feel Like A Natural, natural woman You make me Woman a natural woman
Jack Owens - The Hukilau Song.xml
Oh we're go in' to the Hu ki lau Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki lau Ev 'ry bod y loves the Hu ki lau where the lau lau is the kau kau at the Hu ki lau Oh, we throw all our nets in to the sea and all the a ma a ma come a swim min' to me Oh, we're go in' to the Hu ki lau Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki lau What a beau ti ful day for fish in' the old Ha wai ian way and the Hu ki lau net we're swish in' down in old la i e Bay Oh, we're go in' to the Hu ki lau Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki Hu ki lau
Hugo Peretti, Luigi Creatore, Mack David - Bimbombey.xml
On the way to Bimbombey theres a hill on the way to Bimbombey theres a house on the hill and a girl in the house on the hill on the way to Bimbombey a house on the hill and a girl in the house on the hill on the way to Bimbombey jingalingalioh jingalinga liau jingalinga li tingalingali jingalingali ay ay ay jingalingali ay (2)theres a store in Bimbombey theres a ring in the store in Bimbombey thats where I'll buy the ring for the girl in the house on the hill on the way to Bimbombey I'll buy the ring for the (3)once I ay ay ay ay ay ay
Stuart Hamblen - Open Up Your Heart.xml
Mommy told me something a little girl should know its all about the devil and I've learned to hate him so she said he causes trouble when you let him in the room he will never ever leave you if your heart is filled with gloom so let the sunshine in face it with a grin smilers never lose and frowners never win so let the sunshine in face it with a grin Open up your heart and let the sunshine in If When you are unhappy the devil wears a grin but oh he starts to running when the light comes pouring in I know he'll be unhappy cause I'll never wear a frown maybe if we keep on smiling he;ll get tired of hanging round
Gus Cannon, Hosie Woods - Walk Right In.xml
Walk right in set right down daddy let your mind roll on Walk right in set right down daddy let your mine roll on Evrybodys talkin bout a new way o walkin do you wanna lose your mind? walk right in set right down daddy let your mind roll on Walk right in set right down baby let your hair hang down Walk right in set right down baby let your hair hang down Evrybodys talkin bout a new way o walkin do you wanna lose your mind? walk right in set right down baby let your hair hang down daddy let your mind roll on
Dottie Rambo - We Shall Behold Him.xml
the sky shall un fold pre par ing His en trance the stars shall ap plaud Him with thun ders of praise the sweet light in His eyes shall en hance those a wait ing and we shall be hold Him then face to face we shall be hold Him we shall be hold Him face to face in all of His glo ry we shal be hold Him we shall be hold Him face to face our Sav ior and Lord the an gel shall sound the shout of His com ming the saints shall come down with their Sav ior and King and those who re main shall be changed in a mo ment and we shall be hold Him then face to face we shall be hold Him we shall be hold Him face to face in all of His glo ry we shal be hold Him we shall be hold Him face to face our Sav iour and Lord face to face our Sav iour and Lord
Paul Davis - I Go Crazy.xml
Hello  girl  it's  been  a while. Guess  you'll  be  glad  to  know that  I've  learned  how  to  laugh  and  smile. Getting  over  you  was  slow. They  say  old  lovers  can  be  good  friends but  I  never  thought  I'd  really  see  you, I'd  really  see  you  again. I  go  crazy! When  I  look  in  your  eyes  I  still  go  crazy! No,  my  heart  just  can't  hide that  old  feelin'  inside, way  deep  down  inside Oh,  ba by, you know when I look in your eyes I go crazy! You  say  he  satisfies  your mind, tells you  all  of  his  dreams. I  know  how  much  that  means  to you. I  realize  that  I  was  blind. Just  when  I  thought  I  was  over  you, I  see  your  face  and  it  just  ain't  true. No, it just ain't  true. I  go  crazy! When  I  look  in  your  eyes  I  still  go  crazy! That  old  flame  comes  alive, it  starts  burning  inside way  deep  down  inside. Oh,  baby, you  know  when  I  look  in  your  eyes I  go  crazy! Oh oh,  Oooh,  Oh I  go  crazy! You  know  when  I  look  in  your  eyes  I  go  crazy! No,  my  heart  just  can't  hide that  old  feelin'  inside, way  deep  down  inside. I  go  crazy! You  know  when  I  look  in  your  eyes I  go  crazy!
Grady Watts, Frank Ryerson, Jimmy Eaton - Blue Champagne.xml
Blue champagne purple shadows and blue champagne with the echoes that still remain I keep a blue rendezvous. Bubbles rise like a fountain before your eyes and they suddenly crystalize to form a vision of you. All the plans we started, all the songs we sang, each little dream we knew seems to overtake me like a boomerang. Blue is the sparkle, gone is the tang. Each old refrain, keeps returning as I remain with my mem'ries and blue champagne to toast the dream that was you.
Gavin Sutherland - Sailing.xml.1
I am sailing I am sailing Home again 'Cross the sea, I am sail ing Stormy waters To be near you To be free. I am flying I am flying, Like a bird 'Cross the sky. I am flying, Pass ing high clouds To be with you To be
Earle Hagen, Dick Rogers - Harlem Nocturne.xml
Deep music fills the night, deep in the heart of Harlem. And tho' the stars are bright, the darkness is taunting me. Oh what a sad refrain, a nocturne born in Harlem. That melancholy strain forever is hauntin me. The melody clings around my heart strings. It won't let me go when I'm lonely, I hear it in dreams, and somehow it seems it makes me weep and I can't sleep. An indigo tune it sings to the moon the lonesome refrain of a lover. The melody sighs, it laughs and it cries, a moan in blue that thru. Tho' with the dawn it's gone, the melody lives ever for lonely hearts to learn of love in a Harlem nocturne.
Cole Porter - Always True to You in my Fashion.xml
If a custom tailored vet asks me out for something wet when the vet begins to pet I cry "Hooray" but I'm always true to you darlin' in my fashion (my fashion) yes I'm always true to you darlin' in my way I've been asked to have a meal by a big tycoon in steel If the meal includes a deal accept I may There's an oilman known as Tex who is keen to give me checks and his checks I fear means that Tex is here to stay But I'm always true to you darlin' in my fashion (my fashion) yes I'm always true to you dar lin' in my way
Cowboy  song - Red River Valley.xml
From this valleythey say you are going, We will miss your bright eyes and sweet smile for they say you are taking the sun shine That has brightened our path ways a while Come and sit by my side if you love me Do not hasten to bid me Adieu Just remember the Red River Valley And the cowboy who loved you so true.
Charles Converse, Joseph Scriven - What A Friend We Have In Jesus.xml
What a friend we have in Jesus All our sins and griefs to bear, What a privilegeto carry ev'ry thing to God in prayer. Oh, what peace we often forfeit, Oh, what needless pain we bear, All be cause we do not carry ev' ry thing to God in prayer
Bert Reed., Desmond Cox, Elton Box - Quartermaster's Store.xml
There was cheese cheese wafting on the breeze in the store, in the store, there was ham ham mixed up with the jam in the Quartermaster's store. my eyes are dim I can not see I have not brought my specs with me I have not brought my specs with me there was bread bread just like lumps of lead in the store, in the store, there were buns buns bul lets for the guns in the Quartermaster's store. specs with me
Fred Karger, Robert Wells - From Here To Eternity.xml
You vowed your love from here to eternity, A love so true, it never would die. you gave your lips, Gave them so willingly, How could I know your kiss meant goodbye Now I'm alone, with only a memory My empty arms will never know why. 'Tho' you are gone, This love that you left with me will live from here to eternity
traditional, William Chatterton Dix (ca. 1865) - What Child is This?.xml
What Child is this, who laid to rest, On Mary's lap is sleeping? Whom angels greet with anthems sweet While shepherds watch are keeping? This, this is Christ the King, Whom shepherds guard and angels sing. Haste, haste to bring Him laud, the Babe, the Son of Mary.  Why lies He in such mean estate, Where ox and ass are feeding? Good Christian, fear for sinners here, The silent Word is pleading.  So bring Him in cense, gold and myrrh; Come, peasant king to own him. The King of Kings salvation brings, Let loving hearts enthrone Him. Mary.
Saul Chaplin, Sammy Cahn - Shoe Shine Boy.xml
Shoe Shine Boy, you work hard all day. Shoe Shine Boy, got no time to play, Ev'ry nichel helps a lot. So, shine, shine, Shoe Shine Boy. You find joy in the things you do. Shoe Shine Boy, seldom ever blue. You're content with what you've got, So shine, shine, Shoe Shine Boy. People look at you with scorn 'Cause your clothes are worn and torn, Still you never whine. You keep walking up and down the street, Pleading with each one you meet, "Brother, can you spare a shine?" Shoe Shine Boy, soon the day will come, Shoe Shine Boy, soon a tune you'll hum, Ev'ry nickel helps a lot, So shine, shine, Shoe Shine Boy.
Gene Austin, Jimmy McHugh, Irving Mills - When my sugar walks down the street.xml
When my sugar walks down the street, All the little birdies go tweet, tweet, tweet, And in the ev'ning when the sun goes down, It's never dark when she's around, She's so affectionate and I'll say this, That when she kisses me I sure stay kissed, When my sugar walks down the street The little birdies go tweet, tweet, tweet.
Leo Friedman, Beth Slater Whitson - Meet Me Tonight In Dreamland.xml
Meet me tonight in dreamland Under the silvry moon Meet me tonight in dreamland where love's sweet roses bloom Come with the lovelight gleaming In your dear eyes of blue Meet me in dreamland sweet dreamy dreamland There let my dreams come true.
Fred Markush, Mitchell Parish - Take Me In Your Arms.xml
Take me in your arms before you take you love away, Take me in your arms before we part. Let me thrill again to your caress of yesterday, Let me fill again my hungry heart. One hour of gladness that we knew in the past, One moment's madness, Although it be the last. Hold me fast. Blind me with your charms, with all the stardust in the sky, Take me in your arms, and then good bye. Take me in your arms, and then goodbye
Human League - (Keep Feelin') FASCINATION.xml
If it seems a little time is needed Decisions to be made The good advice of friends un heeded The best of plans mislaid Just look ing for a new dir ec tion In an old familiar way The form ing of a new connec tion To stud y or to play and so the con ver sa tion turned Un til the sun went down and man y fantas ies were learned ON THAT DAY Keep Feel ing FAS CI NA TION Pas sion burn ing Love so strong Keep Feel ing FAS CI NA TION Look ing, learn ing Mov ing on Well, the truth may need some rearranging Stor ies to be told And plain to see the facts are changing No meaning left to hold
Alfred Newman, Paul Francis Webster - Anastasia.xml
Anastasia tell me who you are. Are you someone from another star? Anastasia are you what you seem? Do your
Paul Desmond, Carmen McRae - Take Five.xml
Won't you stop and take a little time out with me, just take five Stop your busy day and take the time out with me I'm a live, Though I'm goin'
Duke Ellington, Bob Russell - Don't Get Around Much Anymore.xml.1
Missed the Saturday dance, heard they crowded the floor. Awfly diffrent with out you, don't get around much any more. Thought I'd visit the club, got as far as the door, they'd have asked me a bout you, don't get around much any more. Darlin' I guess my mind's more at ease but nev er the less why stir up memories? Been invited on dates, might have gone but what for? Awfly diffrent with out you, don't get around much any more. more.
Harvey Schmidt, Tom Jones - My Cup Runneth Over.xml
Some times in the morning when shadows are deep, I lie here beside you, just watching you sleep. And sometimes I whisper what I'm thinking of; My Cup Runneth Oer with love. Some times in the ev'ning when you do not see, I study the small things you do constantly. I memorize moments that I'm fondest of; My Cup Runneth Oer with
Nora Bayes, Jack Norworth - Shine On Harvest Moon.xml
Oh, shine on, shine on Harvest moon up in the sky, I ain't had no lovin' since January, February, June or July. Snow time ain't no time to stay outdoors and spoon, So shine on, shine on harvest moon for me and my gal. Oh, shine on, shine on Harvest moon up in the sky, I ain't had no lovin' since January, February, June or July. Snow time ain't no time to stay outdoors and spoon, So shine on, shine on harvest moon for me and my gal.
Claude Boone - Wedding Bells.xml
I have the invtation that you sent me you wanted me to see you change your name I couldnt stand to see you wed another but I hope you're happy just the same Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel that should be ringing now for you and me down the aisle with someon else you're walking so weddding bells will never ring for me. (2)I planned a little cottage in the valley I even bought a little band of gold I thought some day I'd place it on your finger but now the future looks so dark and cold Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel I hear the chilren laughing now with glee at home alone I hang my head in sorrow those wedding bells will never ring for me. (3)I fancy that I see a bunch of roses A blossom from an orange tree in your hair while the organ plays I love you truly just let me pretend that I am there Wedding bells are ringing in the chapel ever since the day you set me free A knew some day that you would wed another but wedding bells will never ring for
Ben Oakland, Herb Magidson - I'll Dance At Your Wedding.xml
I'll dance at your wedding, I'll dance at your wedding, I'll dance ay your wedding, I'll have a wonderful time, I'll drink to your father, I'll drink to your mother, Then I'll have another for Auld Lang Syne. I'll kiss all the ladies, The young and old and then, I'll have myself another drink, And kiss them all again! I'll dance at your wedding, I won't miss that wedding, I'll dance at your wedding, Am I gonna shine At your wedding and mine! I'll mine!
Sylvia Tyson - River Road.xml
Here I go once again with my suitcase in my hand I'm running away down River road and I swear once again that I'm never com ing home I'm chas ing my dreams down Riv er Road Mom ma saying Listen child you're too old to run wild You're too big to be fishin with the boys these days so I grabbed some clothes and ran stole five dollars from the sugar can A twelve year old jail breaker running away here I Well I married apretty good man and he tries tounderstand but he knows I've got leaving on my mind these days when I get that urge to run I"m just like a kid again the  same old jail break er run ning a way Here I road.
Walter Donaldson - You're Driving Me Crazy.xml
You!! you're driving me crazy! What did I do? What did I do? My tears for you make ev'rything hazy clouding the skies of blue. How true! were the friends who were near me, to cheer me, believe me they knew. But you! were the kind who would hurt me, desert me, when I needed you! Yes! You you're driving me crazy! What did I do? to you? Yes! you?
Michael Legrand, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - The Windmills Of Your Mind.xml
Round like a circle in a spiral, like a wheel within a wheel, Never ending or beginning on an ever spinning reel, Like a snowball down a mountain, or a carnival balloon, Like a carousel that's truning running rings around the moon. Like a clock whose hands are sweeping past the minutes of it's face, And the world is like an apple whirling silently in space, Like the circles that you find in the windmills of your mind! Like a tunnel that you follow to a tunnel of it's own, Down a hollow to a cavern where the sun has never shone, Like a door that keeps revolving in a half forgotten dream, Or the ripples from a pebble someone tosses in a stream. mind! Keys that jingle in your pocket, words that jangle in your head, Why did summer go so quickly? Was it something that you said? Lovers walk along a shore and leave their footprints on the sand. Is the sound of distant drumming just the fingers of your hand? Pictures hanging in a hallway and the fragment of a song, Half remembered names and faces, but to whom do they belong? When you knew that it was over you were suddenly aware that the autumn leaves were turning to the color of her hair! Like a circle in a spiral, like a wheel within a wheel, Never ending or beginning on an ever spinning reel, As th images un wind, Like the circles that you find, in the windmills of your mind!
Edwin Othello Excell, John Newton, John P. Rees - Amazing Grace.xml
Amazing grace! How sweet the sound, that saved a wretch like me! I once was lost, but now am found, was blind, but now I see.
All-American Rejects - It Ends Tonight.xml
Your subtlethey strangle I can't exmyself at all And all the and all the All I don't want to need at all The walls start breathmy minds unweaving maybe it's best you leave me alone a weight is lifting on this evening I give the final blow When darkturns to light it ends tonight It ends tonight A falling at least I fall alone I can't explain what you can't explain Your findings that you didn't know I look at with such distain The walls start breathing, my minds unweaving Maybe it's best you leave me alone A weight is lifting on this evening I give the final blow When darkturns to light It ends tonight, It ends tonight Just a little insight won't make this right it'slate to fight It ends tonight It ends tonight Now I'm on my own side It's better than being on side It's my fault when you're blind It's better than seeing though eyes All these thoughts locked inside Now you're the first to know When darkturns to it ends tonight it ends tonight Just a little insight won't make this right it'slate to fight It ends tonight It ends when darkness turns to light it ends tonight it ends tonight Just a little insight won't make this right it'slate to fight it ends tonight It ends tonight tonight inside when darkness turns to light it ends tonight
Dok Stanford, Frank Sinatra, Henry Sanicola - Mistletoe And Holly.xml
Oh, by gosh by golly, it's time for mistletoe and holly, tastey pheasants, Christmas presents, countrysides covered with snow. Oh, by gosh, by jingle, ti's time for carols and Kris Kringle, overeating, merry greetings from relatives you don't know. Then comes that big night, giving the tree the trim. You'll hear voices by starlight singing a Yultide hymn., Oh, by gosh, by golly, it's time for mistletoe and holly, fancy ties and granny's pies an' folks stealin' a kiss or two as they whisper, Merry Christmas to you
Robert Crawford - The Wild Blue Yonder.xml
Off we go into the wild blue yonder, Climbing high into the sun; Here they come, zooming to meet our thunder, At 'em boys, Give 'er the gun. Down we dive spouting our flame from under Off with one Helluva roar! We live in fame or go down in flame Boy! Nothing'll stop the Army Air Corps! Minds of men fashioned a crate of thunder, Set it high into the blue; Hands of men blasted the world asunder; How they lived God only knew. Souls of men dreaming of skies to conquer Gave us wings, ever to soar. With scouts before And bombers galore Boy! Nothing can stop the Army Air
Barry Manilow, Johnny Mercer - When October Goes.xml
And when October goes the snow begins to fly. Above the smokey roofs I watch the planes go by; The children running home beneath a twilight sky. Oh, for the fun of them when I was one of them. And when October goes the same old dream appears. And you are in my arms to share the happy years. I turn my head away to hide the helpless tears. Oh, how I hate to see October go. And when October goes the same old dream appears. And you are in my arms to share the happy years. I turn my head away to hide my helpless tears. Oh, how I hate to see October go. I should be over it now I know. It doen't matter much how old I grow. I hate to see October go.
Bert Kaempfert, Charles Singleton, Eddie Snyder - Spanish Eyes.xml
Blue Spanish eyes teardrops are falling from your Spanish eyes please please don't cry this is just adios and not goodbye Soon I'll return bringing you all the love your heart can hold Please say si si say you and your Spanish eyes will wait for me.
Harold Arlen, Dory Langdon - So Long, Big Time.xml
Bright lights are dimmer, bank roll is slimmer, looks like I'm down and done, bye bye. I gotta run, bye bye. So long, so long, Big Time. So long, so long Big Time. I made it fine I made it fast. That ain't a sign it has to last. Had it made for a while. In a highfalutin' style! So long, so long Big Time. Big dough, bright lights, Big Time. I won't pretend I am glad it's over. It was fun. Now it's done. But I'll never sing a losers song, So long, Big Time, I gotta run, so long. Tell the chicks and tell all the cronies lost it on the cards and the ponies. Tell the friends and fair weather phonies livin' high, tell 'em bye. And tell 'em why. Lady Luck just gave me the brush off, so I'll rush off and try a new routine. I'm a guy who rolls with the punches, and my hunch is it's time to quit the scene. Tell the kids and tell all the cookies, tell the babes and tell all the bookies that I knew, that I'm through. And when you do: Buy a few beers for me, tell 'em no tears for me. So long, so long Big Time. Big dough, bright lights, Big Time. Ain't gonna grieve 'cause I must be leavin'. It was fun. Now it's done. But I'll never sing a losers song. So long, Big Time. I gotta run, so long.
Victor Young, Ned Washington - Can't We Talk It Over.xml
We were so in love, the day love started, Who would think that we would soon be parted, I just can't believe it's true, I make this appeal to you. Can't we talk it over, Let's talk it over Before you tell me you're through. Can't we sit together And figure whether This is the right thing to do. I hate the thought of spending nights all alone, Missing the thrill, of nights that we've known; Can't we talk it over, before bit's over, Before you whisper "Goodbye for ever" Let's talk it over dear.
Frankie Sullivan - Eye of the Tiger.xml
Risin' up,back on the street Did my time took my chances Went the distance, now I'm back on my feet Just a man and his will to survive So many times, it happens too fast You change your passion for glory Don't lose your grip on the dreams of the past You must fight just to keep them alive It's the eye of the tiger, it's the thrill of the fight Risin' up to the challenge of our rival And the last known survivor stalks his prey in the night And he's watchin' us all in the eye of the tiger Fact to face, out in the heat Hangin' tough, stayin' hungry They stack the odds 'till we take to the street For we kill with the skill to survive It's the eye of the tiger, it's the thrill of the fight Risin' up to the challenge of our rival And the last known survivor stalks his prey in the night And he's watchin us all in the eye of the tiger Risin' up, straight to the top Have the guts, got the glory Went the distance, now I'm not gonna stop Just a man and his will to survive It's the eye of the tiger, it's the thrill of the fight Risin' up to the challenge of our rival And the last known survivor stalks his prey in the night And he's watchin' us all in the eye of the tiger The eye of the tiger The eye of the tiger The eye of the tiger The eye of the tiger
Franz Lehar, Clifford Grey - The White Dove.xml
In your heart, my sweet white dove, Let me build my only throne, In the kingdom of your love, Tell me I shall reign alone. In the haven of your arms, Is the peace of Heav'n above, In the spell of your lovliness I find my happiness, Sweet white dove.
Coldplay - Lovers In Japan.xml
Lovers,keep on the road you're on, runners,until the race is run. Soldiers,you've got to soldier on, sometimeseven the right is wrong. They are turning myheadoutto see what I'm all about.Keeping myheaddownto see what it feels like now. But I haveno doubt, onedaywe'regonnaget out.Tonightmaybe we're gonna run, dreamingof the Osaka sun. Oh,oh, dreamingof when the morning comes. onedaythesun wilcome out
Ivor Novello, Christopher Hassall - Shine Through My Dreams.xml
Shine through my dreams and once again softly and secretly whisoer your love to me Roam though my silent thoughts again making a paradiise here in my heart Though fate may hold us far apart she will turn our darness to light Make all my dreams reality That I may hold you in my arms tonight
Marvin Hamlisch, Carol Bayer Sager - Nobody Does It Better.xml
Nobody does it better makes me feel sad for the rest, Nobody does it half as good as you. Baby you're the best. I wasn't lookin' but somehow you found me. I tried to hide from your love light, But like heaven above me the spy who loved me is keepin' all my secrets safe tonight.  Nobody does it better sometimes I wish someone could, Nobody does it quite the way you do. Did you have to be so good? The way that you hold me whenever you hold me. There's some kind of magic in side you, That keeps me from runnin' but just keep it comin' how d'you learn to do the things you Nobody does it better makes me feel sad for the rest, Nobody does it half as good as you. baby, baby, baby you're the best. baby, baby, baby you're the best.
Neil Young - Heart of Gold.xml
I want to live, I want to give I've been a miner for a heart of gold. It's these expressions I never give that keep me searching for a heart of gold and I'm getting old. Keep me searching for a heart of gold and I'm getting old. Keep me searching for a heart of gold. You keep me searching and I'm growing old.
Bruce Welch, Peter Chester - Please Don't Tease.xml
You tell me that you love me baby then you say you don't you tell me that you'll come on over then you say you won't you love me like a hurricane and then you start to freeze I give it to you straight right now please don't tease you come right out and tell me you're out with someone new you play it all so doggone cool I don't know what to do You never seem to answer me you just don't hear my plea I'll give it to you one more time please don't tease oh please don't tease me you know it hurts so much come on and squeeze me you know I need your tender touch but you tell me that you love me baby then you say you don't you tell me that you'll come on over then you say you won't you love me like a hurricane and then you start to freeze I give it to you straight right now please don't tease you tease
Bart Howard - Fly Me To The Moon.xml.1
Poets oftem us many words to say a simple thing. It takes thought and time and rhyme to make a poem sing. With music and words I've been playing, For you I have written a song. To be sure that you'll know what I'm saying I'll translate as I go along. Fly me to the moon, and let me play among the stars; Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars. In other words hold my hand! In other words, darling, kiss me! Fill my heart with song, and let me sing forevermore; You are all I long for, all I worship and adore. In other words please be true! In other words I love you!. true! In other words I love you!
Justin Hayward 1957, Justin Hayward 1967 - Nights in White Satin.xml
Nights in white satin Never reaching the end Letters I've written Never meaning to send Beauty I'd always missed with these eyes before Just what the truth is I can"t say any more "Cause I love you Yes I love you Oh how I love you Gazing at people Some hand in hand to
Anita Leonard, Barbara Belle, Louis Prima, Stan Rhodes - A Sunday Kind Of Love.xml
I want a Sunday kind of love, a love to last past Saturday night I'd like to know it's more than love at first sight. I want a Sunday kind of love I want a love that's on the square, can't seem to find somebody to care. I'm on a lonely road that leads me nowhere. I need a Sunday kind of love. I do my Sunday dreaming and all my Sunday scheming ev'ry minute ev'ry hour of ev'ry day. I hoping to discover a certain kind of lover. Who will show me the way? My arms need someone to enfold to keep me warm when Mondays are cold. A love for all my live to have and hold I want a Sunday kind of love.
James V. Monaco, Joe McCarthy - I'm Crying Just For You .xml
I never knew what love could do, I never knew I could feel blue, I never knew 'till I met you, But now I'm learning, And how I'm yearning. I gave you all the love I had, I thought that you could make me glad, And now you ask me why I'm sad, I'll tell you why I cry for you. I'm crying 'cause I know you'll break my heart I'm crying 'cause we're drifting far apart I'm crying for a little love that's true, Like I gave you, I want it, I want it, you used to want it too; I'm crying 'cause your acting mighty strange, I'm crying just to think how soon you've changed, I ought to hate you but I love you love you, love you true, That's why I'm crying just for you you.
Buddy DeSylva, Lew Brown, Ray Henderson - You're The Cream In My Coffee.xml
You're the Cream In My Coffee, You're the salt in my stew. You will al ways be my necessity, I'd be lost without you. You're the starch in my collar, you're the lace in my shoe, You will al ways be my necessity, I'd be lost without you. Most men tell love tales and each phase dovetails. You've heard each known way, this way is my own way. You're the sail of my love boat, You're the cap tain and crew. You will al ways be my necessity, I'd be lost without you. You give life savor bring out its flavor. So this is clear, dear, You're my Wor cestershire, dear. you.
CLAUS OGERMAN, Mark Barkan - It's Gotta Be You.xml
ITS GOT TA BE YOU and no bod y else Don't tell me that I'm just fool ing my self You MUST be my love you MUST be the one Don't say its a game you're play in' for fun I've giv en my heart and my "lips" to you so will ling ly! You prom ised your "love" would be mine et ern al ly! Don't say its a lie Don't say its un true! 'Cuz with out your love Oh, what would I do? So Don't break My Heart! Don't break it in two It's Got Ta Be You It's Got Ta Be You So don't break my heart Don't break it in two It's Got Ta Be You IT'S GOT TA BE YOU!
Chuck Berry, Russ Fratto.Alan Freed - Maybellene.xml
Maybellene Why can't you be true? Oh! Maybellene Why can't you be true? You've started back doin' the things you used to do As
Brad - The Day Brings.xml
Hold up your end And I'll hold up mine Dancin' all the time Dancin' all the time And too late father You know that that's for sure You never find a way You never find a way. So gather around And see what the day brings see what makes you laugh And see what makes you sing And never, nevermind The thing that people say You'll never go away You'll never go away Who knows where the storm will take us Who knows when the pain will break us When will all the G's be given Another chance to live in freedom Hey now, get your heart, get your heart off of the shelf. Make the grey sky blue. Yeah, I' me talkin to you And nevermind the sick and afraid ohoh Askin' out today to see a brighter day So gather around And see what the day brings And see what makes you laugh And see what makes you sing And never, nevermind The thing that people say You'll never go away You'll never go away Who knows where the storm will take us Who knows when the pain will break us When will all the G's be given Another chance to live in freedom So gather around And see what the day brings see what makes you laugh And see what makes you sing And never, nevermind Neverminda what the people say You'll never go away You'll never go away ahah So gather around See what the day brings See what makes you laugh and what makes you sing
Jacques Morali - Can't Stop The Music.xml
Evryone you meet, The children in the street, Are swaying to the rhythm, There's something moving in them. There's no place to hide, So why even try, Can't you hear it coming your way, It's here to stay. Music in our walk, Music when we talk, It's really something magic, To lose it would be tragic Filling up the air, Moving through the ground, Music makes the world go around You can't stop the music, Nobody can stop the music Take the cold from the snow, Tell the trees "Don't grow" Tell the wind "Don't blow" Cause it's easier, No you can't stop the music, Nobody can stop the music. Take the spark from love Make the rain fall up, 'Cause that's easier to do.
Andre Crouch 1971 - My Tribute.xml
How can I say thanks for the things You have done for me Things so un de served yet you gave to prove your love for me the voi ces of a mil lion an gels could not ex press my grat i tude all that I am or ev er hope to be I owe it all to Thee to God be the glo ry to God be the glo ry to God be the glo ry for the things He has done with His blood He has save me with His power He has raised me to God be the glo ry for the things He has done just let me live my life let it be pleas ing Lord to Thee And if I gain an y praise let it go to cal va ry with His blood He has saved me with His power He has raised me to God be the Glo ry for the things He has done for me. Just let me done for me for me
Gene DePaul, Sammy Cahn - Teach Me Tonight.xml
Did you say I've got a lot to learn Well, don't thnk I'm trying not to learn Since this is the perfect spot to learn, teach me tonight Starting with the A, B, c, of it, right down to the X, Y, Z, of it. Help me solve the mystery of it teach me tonnight The skies a blackboard high above you, if a shooting star goes by I'll use that star to write I love you. A thousand times across the sky. One thing isn't very clear my love, should the teacher stand so near my love? Graduations almost here my love Teach me tonight Did you say I've got a night.
Busbee, Ben West - Try.xml
Ever wonder 'bout what he's doing How it all turned to lies Some times I think that it's better to never ask why Where there is desire there is gonna be a flame Where there is a flame someone's bound to get burned. But just because it burns doesn't mean you're gonna die, you gotta get up and try try try, you gotta get up and try try try you gotta get up and try try try.
Traditional - Over the River and Through the Woods.xml
Over the river and through the woods To Grandmother's house we go The horse knows the way to carry the sleigh through white and drifted snow Over the river and through the woods, Oh, how the wind does blow. It stings the toes and bites the nose as over the ground we go
Traditional - We Shall Not Be Moved.xml
Well I'm on my way to heaven we shall not be moved on my way to heaven we shall not be moved just like a tree thats stand ing by the waterside we shall not be moved We shall not we shall not be moved We shall not we shall not be moved just like a tree thats standing by the waterside we shall not be moved on the road to freedom we shall not be moved on the road to freedommoved We're brothers together we shall not be moved we're brothers together we shall not be moved jut like a tree that's standing by the waterside we shall not be moved We shall not we shall not be moved we shall not we shall not be moved just like a tree thats standing by the waterside we shall not be moved
George Gershwin, DuBose Heyward - There's A Boat Dat's Leaving Soon For New York.xml
There's a boat dat's leaving soon for New York. Come with me, dat' where we belong, sister. You and me can live that high life in New York. Come with me, there you can't go wrong sis ter. I'll buy you the swellest man sion, up on upper Fifth Avenue, and through Harlem we'll go strutting we'll go astrutting and there'll be nothing too good for you. I'll dress you in silk and satin in the latest Paris styles. All the blues you'll be forgetting, you'll be forgetting there'll be no fretting yes nothing but smiles. Come along with me, that's the place, don't be a fool come along, come along. There's a boat dat's leaving soon for New York. Come with me, dat's where we belong, sis ter, dat's where we belong.
Hugh Martin, Ralph Blane - Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas.xml.2
Have yourself a merry little Christmas; Let your heart be light from now on, our troubles will be out of sight. Have yourself a merry little Christmas; Make the Yuletide gay. from now on, our troubles will be miles away here we are as in olden days, happy golden days of yore; Faithful friends who are dear to us gather near to us once more. Through the years we all will be together if the fates allow. hang a shining star upon the highest bough And have yourself a merry little Christmas now
Johann Sebastian Bach - Jesu, Joy Of  Man's Desiring.xml
Jesu, joy of man's desiring, Holy wisdom, love most bright, Drawn by Thee, our souls aspiring Soar to uncreated light. Word of God our flesh that fashioned With the fire of life impassioned. Striving still to Truth unknown, Soaring,, dying round Thy Throne.  Thru the way where hope is guiding, Hark, what peaceful music rings! Where the flock, in Thee's confiding, Drink of joy from deathless springs. Their's is beauty's fairest pleasure, Their's is wisdom's holiest treasure. Thou dost ever lead Thine own, In the love of joys unknown.
Harris, Valentine, Tate - A Bachelor Gay.xml
A bachelor gay am I, Tho' I've suffer'd from Cupid's dart But never I vow will I say die In spite of an aching heartFor a man always loves a girl or two Tho' the fact must be confess'dHe always swears the whole way thro' To ev'ry girl he tries to woo That he loves her far the bestHe loves her far the bestAt seventeen he falls in love quite madly with eyes of tender blueAt twenty fourhe gets it rather badly with eyes of a diff'rent hueAt thirty five you'll see him flirting sadly with two or three or moreWhen he fancies he is past love, It is then he meets his last love, and he loves her as he's never lov'd beforeAt seven A girl as you've heard of old Is a kind of a paradoxShe changes her mind more times I'm told, Than ever she does her frocksAnd a man's like a moth around a flame For it's nearly always foundHe burns his wings, but all the same, The nicest part of Cupid's game Is fluttering round and roundfore.
Joe Greene - All About Ronnie.xml
All about Ronnie There's so much to tell. Al about Ronnie, I know him so well. His magical fingers, their sense of embrace. His whisper that lingers caressing your face. All about Ronnie best told in a toast. Let me propose it, I'm his fav'rite host. We'll drink from dry glasses there's no need for wine. The champagne is Ronnie, and Ronnie is mine.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - You Were Meant For Me.xml.1
Life was a song, you came along, I've laid awake the whole night through. If I but dared to think you cared, this is what I'd say to you. You were meant for me I was meant for you Na ture patterned you and when she was done you were all the sweet things rolled into one youre like a plaintive melody that never lets me free for I'm content the angels must have sent you and they meant you just for me. me.
Frank Loesser - No Two People.xml
No two people have ever been so in love been so in love been so in love no two people have ever been so in love as my lovey dove and I No two people have ever mooned such a moon Juned such a June spooned such a spoon No two people have ever been so in tune as my macaroom and I and when we kiss and when we kiss well its historical its hysterical No two people have ev er been so in love been so in love, been so in love No two people have ever been so in love as my lovey dove and I. my lovey dove and I.
Jerry Leiber, Phil Spector - Spanish Harlem.xml
There is a rose in Spanish Harlem A rare rose up in Spanish Harlem It is a special one its never seen the sun it only comes up when the moon is on the run and all the stars are gleaming Its growing in the street right up thro' the concrete but soft and sound in pale moon. I'm going to pick that rose and watch her as she grows in my garden
George Cory, Nicholas Cross - I Left My Heart in San Francisco.xml
I left my heart ___ in San Francisco. ___ High on a hill __ it calls to me. __ To be where little cable cars ___ Climb halfway to the stars! __ The morning fog ___ may chill the air, I don't care! My love waits therein San Francisco, ___ Above the blueand windy sea. __ When I come home to you, San Francisco, __ your golden sun will shine for me.  __
William Scaggs - We're All Alone.xml
Outside the rain begins and it may never end So cry no more on the shore dream will take us out to sea For evermore for evermore Close your eyes Amie and you can be with me neath the waves through the caves of ours long forgotten now we're all alone we're all alone Close the window calm the light and it will be all right no need to bother now Let it out let it all begin learn how to pretend Once a story told it can't help growing old roses do lovers too so cast your sea sons to the wind and hold me dear on hold me dear All's forgotten now my love we're all alone
Steve Allen - Pretend You Don't See her.xml
Look somewhere above her, pretend you don't love her, pretend you don't see her at all. Pretend you don't see her, my heart, Although she is coming our way. Pretend you don't need her, my heart, But smile and pretend to be gay. It's too late for running my heart, Chin up if the tears start to fall. Look somewhere above her, pretend you don't love her, pretend you don't see her at all.
Sam Coslow, Arthur Johnston - Cocktails For Two.xml
In some secluded rendevous, that overlooks the avenue, with someone sharing a delightful chat of this and that and cocktails for two. As we enjoy a cigarette to some exquisite chansonnette, two hands are sure to slyly meet beneath a serviette with cocktails for two. My head may go reeling, but my hear will be obedient, with intoxicating kisses for the principal ingredient. Most any afternoon at five we'll be so glad we're both alive. Then maybe fortune will complete her plan that all began with cocktails for two. cocktails for two.
Irving  Berlin - Some Sunny Day.xml
Some sunny day with a smile on my face, I'll go back to that place far away. Back to that shack and that red headed hen. She'll say, "How have you be'n?" then go back to the hay and lay me my breakfast. Some sunny day I'll be on that express flying away to my little bunch of happiness. Oh, how I pine for those lips sweet as wine. They'll be pressed close to mine some sunny day.
Charles Carpenter, Earl Hines, Louis Dunlap - You Can Depend On Me.xml
Though you say we're through, I'll always love you and you can depemd on me. Though someone you've met has made you forget, you know you can count on me. I wish you success, loads of happiness, but I must confess, I'll be lonely. If you need a friend, I'm yours to the end, and you can depend on me. Though me.
Dallas Frazier - Elvira.xml.1
Elvira Elvira my hearts on fire for Elvira Eyes that look like heaven lips like cherry wine That girl can sho nuff make my little light shine I get a funny feeling up and down my spine cause I know that my Elviras mine I'm singin Elvira Elviramy hearts on fire for Elvira giddyup a oom pa pa oom pa pa mow mow giddyup a oom papa oom papa mow mow Hiyo Silver away to El
Fred E. Ahlert, Roy Turk - I Don't Know Why.xml
All day long you're asking me what I see in you, all day long I'm answering, but what good does it do? I have nothing to explain. I just love you, love you, and I'll tell you once again. I don't know why I love you like I do, I don't know why, I just do. I don't know why, you thrill me like you do. I don.t know why you just do. You never seem to want my romancing, the only time you hold me is when we're dancing. I don.t know why I love you like I do. I don't know why, I just do. do.
Arthur Schwartz, Dorothy Fields - Alone Too Long.xml
I'd kiss you if I dared, I want to but I'm scared. I should have known I've been alone too long. My lips are much too still, my arms have lost their skill. My charm has flown, I've been alone too long. It's been years since I have whisper'd a fooolish love word, and I'd be afraid I's sing you a faded song. But if you smile and then say "darling, try again" I'll know you've known I've beem away too long.
Allan Roberts, Doris Fisher - Either It's Love Or It Isn't.xml
Either it's love or it isn't there's no compromise. Either it's real or it isn't, there's no oth er wise. Don't want your arms, don't want you lips, if your heart isn't mine to the core. Take them away, come bck the day you've learned what a heart is for. Either your true or you aren't, there's no in between. If you've been lied to by someone, you'll know what I mean. It took much too many romances to teach this fool to be wise. Either it's love or it isn't, there's no compromise.
Nat D. Ayer, Clifford Grey - If You Were The Only Girl In The World.xml
If you were the only girl in the world and I were the only boy Nothing else would matter in the world today we could go on loving in the same old way a garden of Eden just made for two with nothing to mar our joy I would say such wonderful things to you there would be such wonderful things to do if you were the only girl in the world and I were the only boy.
Burton Lane, Frank Loesser - Moments Like This.xml
Moments like this make me thrill through and through, careless moments like this, close to you. Nonchalantly we dine and we dance yet my heart seems to melt in your glance. Sweet moments like this with the soft lights aglow, make me long for your kiss, though I know I'd be just one of all your affairs, but at moments like this, who cares?
Louis Alter, Frank Loesser - Dolores.xml
It was a sunny little funnu little border town where on a moonlit night I rose and all the local guys wre vocalizing up and down before a certain girl's abode And from a hundred lips the melody came crooning her name How I love the kissesof Dolores Ay ay ay Dolores Not Marie or Emily or Doris only my Dolores From a balcony above me she whispers love me and throws rose ah, but she is twice as lovely as the rose she throws. I would die to be with my Dolores Ay ay ay Dolores I was made to serenade DoloresChorus after chorus just imagine eyes like moonrise a voice like music and lips like wine what a break if I could make Doloresmine all mine a mine
Juan Tizol - Perdido.xml
Perdido, I look for my heart, it's perdido, I lost it way down in Torrido while chancing a dance fiesta Bolero, She glanced as she danced a Bolero, I said, taking off my sombrero, "Let's meet for a sweet siesta." High was the sun when we first came close; Low was the moon when we said "Adios", Perdido Since then has my heart been perdido, I know I must go to Torrido, That yearning to lose perdido.
Billy Eckstine - I Want To Talk About You.xml.2
Don't tell me about a night in June or a shady lane beneath the velvet moon. Don't tell me, 'cause I want to talk about you. Don't mention that waterfall or that grassy spot where crickets softly call. Don't tell me 'cause I want to talk about you. The moon and the stars, the objects on Mars, are things that we've talk'd of before. But your love for me was the question, your answer threw back heaven's doors. So tell me your love will be sincere, then my darling, you needn't ever fear 'cause I love you and I want to talk about you.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - Magic Moments .xml
I'll never forget the moment we kissed the night of the hayride the way that we hugged to try to keep warm while taking a sleighride Magic moments mem'ries we've been sharing magic moments when two hearts are caring time can't erase the mem'ry of these magic momentsfilled with love The telephone call that tied up the line for hours and hours the Saturday dance you got up the nerve to send me some flowers
Russ Morgan, Arnold Johnson, Mitchell Parish - Does Your Heart Beat For Me.xml
Tho' we said "goodbye," when the moon is high, Does your heart beat for me? I wonder if I still linger in your memory. When you hear my name is the thrill the same as it once used to be? When you're lonesome my sweetheart, Soes your hear beat for me.
Jerry Bock, Sheldon Harnick - To Life.xml
To Life to life, L'chaiim! L'chaiim, L'chaiim, To Life! If you're been lucky, then Monday was no worse than Sunday was, Drink L'chaiim To Life, To Life L'chaiim! L'chaiim, L'chaiim, To Life! One day it's honey and raisin cake, Next day stomach ache. Drink L'chaiim to Life! Our great men have written words of wisdom to be used when hardship must be faced; Life obliges us with hardship So the words of wisdom shouldn't go to waste. To us and our good fortune Be happy, be healthy long life! And if our good fortune never comes, Here's to whatever comes Drink L'chaiim To life! To Life has a way of confusing us, Blessing and bruising us, A gift we seldom are wise enough Ever to prize enough, God would like us to be joyful, Even though out hearts lie panting on the floor; How much more can we be joyful When there's really something to be joyful for. To life to life! L'chaiim. L'chaiim, L'chaiim, To life! It gives you something to think about, Something to drink about, life!
Judd Friedman, Allan Rich, James Newton Howard - For The First Time.xml
Are those your eyes? Is that your smile? I've been looking at you forever, yet I never saw you before. Are those your hands holding mine? Now I wonder how I could have been so blind. And for the first time I am looking in your   eyes. For the first time, I'm seeing who you are. I can't believe how much I see when you're looking back at me. Now I understand what love is, love is for the first time. Can this be real? Can this be true? Am I the person I was this morning, and are you the same you? It's all so strange. How can it be? All along this love was right in front of me. time. Such a long time ago, I had given up on finding this emotion ever again. But you're here with me now. Yes, I found you somehow, and I've never been so sure. And for the first time, I am looking in your eyes. For the first time, I'm seeing who you are. I can't believe how much I see when you're looking back at me. Now I understand what love is, love is for the first time.
John Fogerty - Proud Mary.xml
Left a good job in the city Workin'for the man ev'ry night and day And I never lost one minute of sleepin worryin' bout the way things might have been Big wheels keep on turning Proud Mary keep on burning Rollin' Rollin' Rollin' on the river
Joe Raposo - Sesame Street Theme.xml
Sunny day sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?  Come and play! Ev'rything's AO.K. Friendly neighbors there that's where we meet. Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street? It;s a magic carpet ride. Ev'ry door will open wide to happy people like you. Happy people like What a beautiful Sunny day sweepin' the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street? (how to get to Sesame Street)
Rod McKuen - Someplace Green.xml
The Good Lord made man then he rested for a little while. Said "Look what I've done, ain't he pretty," then he cracked a smile. I'll watch him grow I'll hear him talk, learn to love and kill, but when he's had his fill of these I'll walk him up the hill. To Someplace Green, someplace nice, someplace that I call paradise. Growin' greener in the rain, waitin' there for man to claim.
Fats Waller - Ain't Misbehavin'.xml
No one to talk with, all by myself. No one to walk with, but I'm happy on a shelf. Ain't misbehavin', Just saving my love for you. I know for certain, the one I love. I'm through with flirtin', it's you that I'm thinking of. Ain't misbehavin', I'm saving my love for you. Like Jack Horner, in a corner. Don't go nowhere, what do I care? Your kisses, they're worth waiting for, believe me. I don't stay out late, don't care to go. I'm home about eight, just me and my radio. Ain't misbehavin', still saving my love for you.
Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh - The Best Is Yet To Come.xml
Out of the tree of life I just picked me a plum you came along and evrythings startin to hum still its a real good bet the best is yet to come the best is yet to come and babe wont it be fine You think you've seen the sun but you aint seen it shine wait till the warmups under way wait till our lips have met wait till you see that sunshine day you aint seen nothin yet the best is yet to come and babe wont it be fine the best is yet to come come the day you're mine.
Allan Roberts, Doris Fisher - Into Each Life Some Rain Must Fall.xml
Into each life some rain must fall, but too much is falling in mine. Into each heart some tears must fall, but some day the sun will shine. Some folks can lose the blues in their hearts, but when I think of you another shower starts. Into each life some rain must fall, but too much is falling in mine. mine.
Jerry Ross, Richard Adler - Heart.xml
You've gotta have heart all you really need is heart when the odds are sayin you'll never win that's when the grin should start you've gotta have hope mustnt sit around and mope Nothin's half as bad as it may appear waitll next year and hope when your luck is batting zero get your chin up off the floor mister you can be a hero you can open any door there's nothin' to it but to do it you"ve gotta have heart miles n' miles n'miles of heart oh its fine to be a genius of course but keep that old horse before the cart first you've got ta have heart! you've gotta have first you've gotta have heart.
Jack Richards, Richard Mullen - He.xml
He can turn the tides, and calm the angry sea. He alone decides who writes a symphony. He lights ev'ry star that makes our darkness bright. He keeps watch all through the long and lonely nights. He still finds the time to hear a child's first prayer. Saint or sinner call and always find Him there. Though it makes Him sad to see the way we live, He'll always say, "I forgive." He can grant a wish or make a dream come true. He can paint the clouds and turn the gray to blue. He alone knows where to find the rainbows end. He alone can see what lies beyond the bend. He can touch a tree and turn the leaves to gold. He knows ev'ry lie that you and I have told. give." "I forgive."
Jim Jacobs, Warren Casey - Summer Nights.xml
BOY: Summer lovin', had me a blast. GIRL: Summer lovin', happened so fast. BOY: Met a girl, crazy for me. GIRL: Met a boy cute as can be. Summer days drifting away to, uh, oh, those summer nights. Wella, wella, wella, uh. Tell me more. Tell me more. Did you get very far? Tell me more. Tell me more. Like, does he have a car? She swam by me, she got a cramp. He ran by me, got my suit damp. Saved her life, sher nearly drowned. He showed off, splashing around. Summer sun, something's begun. But,
Marr, Morrissey  - CEMETRY GATES .xml
A dread ed sun ny day so I meet you at the ce me try gates Keats and Yeats are on your side A dread ed sun ny day so I meet you at the ce me try gates Keats and Yeats are on my side while Wilde is on mine So we go in side and we grave ly read the stones All those peo ple all those lives where are they now With loves and hates and pas sions just like mine They we born and then they lived and then they died Seems so un fair I want to cry You say 'ere thrice the hath done sal ut a tion to the dawn and you claim these words as your own But I'm well read have heard them said a hun dred times may be less may be more If you must write prose po ems the words you use should be your own Don't pla ger ize or take on loan There's alw ays some one some wher with a big nose who knows and who trips you up and laughs when you fall who'll trip you up and laugh when you fall You SAY Here long done do does did Words which could on ly be your own You then pro duce the text From whence was ripped Some diz zy whore Eigh teen Oh FOUR A drea ded sun ny day so lets go where we're hap py and I'll meet you at the ce me try gates Keats and Yeats are on your side A drea ded sun ny day so let's go where were wan ted and I'll meet you at the ce me try gates Keats and Yeats are on your side but you LOSE Be cuz WILDE is on MINE.
Richard Farrelly - Isle Of Innisfree.xml
I've met some folks who say that I'm a dreamer and I've no doubt theres truth in what they say but sure a body's bound to be a dreamer when all the things he loves are far away and precious things are dreams unto an exile they take him o'er the land across the sea especially when it happens he's an exile from that dear lovely Isle on Innisfree and when the moonlight peeps across the rooftops of this great city wondrous tho it be I scarc ely feel its wonder of its laugh ter I'm once again back home in In nisfree
Colbie Caillat - Bubbly.xml
I've been awake for a while now. You've got me feelin' like a child now. 'Cause ev'ry time I see your bubbly face, I get the tinglies in a silly place. It starts in my toes and I crinkle my nose. Wherever it goes, I always know that you make me smile Please stay for a while now. Just take your time wherever you go. The rain is fallin' on my windowpane, but we are hidin' in a safer place. Under cover, stayin' dry and warm, you give me feelings that I adore. But what am I gonna say when you make me feel this way? I just... Mm. And it starts in my toes, and I crinkle my nose. Wherever it goes, I always know that you make me smile Please stay for a while now. Just take your time wherever you go. I've been asleep for a while now. You tucked me in just like a child now. 'Cause ev'ry time you hold me in hour arms, I'm comfort'ble enough to feel your warmth. It starts in my soul and I lose all control. When you kiss my nose, the feelin' shows 'cause you make me smile. Baby, just take your time now, holdin' me tight Wherever wherever. wherever you go. Whereever, wherever, wherever you go. Ooh, wherever you go, I always know. 'Cause you make me smile, even just for a while.
Ray Henderson, Joseph Widow Young, Sam M. Lewis - Five Foot Two, Eyes Of Blue .xml
five foot two, eyes of blue but oh! what those foot could do has anybody seen my girl? turned up nose, turned down hose, never had other beaus, has anybody seen my girl? how if you run into a five foot two covered with fur, diamond rings, and all those things, betcha life it isnt her but could she love, could she woo? could she, would she, could she coo? has anybody seen my girl?
Don Wolf, Ben Raleigh - Love Is All We Need.xml
Love is all we need, so won't you take me in your arms and love me, love me! Love is all we need, so darling, press me to your heart and love me, love me! Tell me we'll always have each other, "Cause that's all I ever want to know. Tell me you'll always be my lover. 'Cause I will always want you so! Love is all we need, so darling, hold me close to you and love me, love me! Love is all we need, to make our ev'ry dream come true, So love me, love me! All we ever, ever need is love.
James Pankow - Colour My World.xml
As time goes on I realize just what you mean to me and now now that you're near promise your love that i've waited to share and dreams of our momments together Color my world with hopes of loving you
Mary Black - Song For Ireland.xml
Walking all the day near tall towers Where falcons build their nests Silver winged they fly They know the call of freedom in their breasts Saw Black Head against the sky With twisted rocks that run down to the sea Living on your western shore Saw summer sunsets asked for more I stood by your Atlantic sea And sang a song for Ireland Talking all the day with true friends Who try to make you stay Telling jokes and news, Singing songs to pass the night away Stood on Dingle beach and cast In wild foam we found Atlantic bassDrinking all the day in old pubs Where fiddlers love to play Someone touched the bow, He played a reel It seemed so fine and gay Watched the Galway salmon run Like silver dancing darting in the sun Dreaming in the night I saw a land Where no man had to fight Waking in your dawn I saw you crying in the morning light Lying where the falcons fly, They twist and turn all in your e'er blue sky
Vaclav Blaha, Mitchell Parish - The Blue Skirt Waltz.xml.1
I dream of that night with you Lady when first we met We danced in a world of blue, How can my heart forget Blue were the skies and blue were your eyes, Just like the blue skirt you wore Come back blue lady come back Don't be blue anymore
F. Chopin, S. Miller et al. - So Deep Is The Night (aka Tristesse).xml
So deep is the night, no moon tonight. No friendly star to guide me with its light, Be still my heart. Silent lest my love should be returning from a world far apart So deep is the night Oh lonely night On broken wings my heart has taken flight, and left a dream. In my dream our lips are blending Will my dreams be never ending? Will your mem'ry haunt me 'till I die? Alone am I, Deep into the night, Waiting for the light Alone am I I wonder Why? Deep is the night.
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - I've Got The World On A String.xml
I've got the world on a string sittin' on a rainbow, got the string around my finger. What a world, what a life I'm in love. I've got a song that I sing, I can make the rain go, anytime I move my fin ger, Lucky me, can't you see, I'm in love? Life is a beautiful thing, as long as I hold the string, I'd be a silly so and so, if I should ever let it go. I've got the world on a string, sittin' on a rainbow, got the string around my fin ger, What a world, what a life, I'm in love.
Tom Springfield - A World Of Our Own.xml
Close the door light the lights we're staying home tonight far away from the bustle and the bright ci ty lights let them all fade away just leave us alone and we'll live in a world of our own. we'll build a world of our own that no one else can share all our sorrows we'll leave far behind us there and I know you will find there'll be peace of mind when we live in a world of our own.
Roy Turk , Charles Tobias - After My Laughter Came Tears .xml
I laughed the day I saw you leave, I laughed and said I'd never grieve, but AFTER MY LAUGHTER CAME TEARS. told my friends I didn't care, I laughed about our whole affair, || || || ||
Moose Charlap, Jack Gold - My Favorite Song.xml
My Favorite Song is the song that they play when we're dancing, Any time that we're dancing that's my fa vor ite song. Just any old tune is my favorite tune when we're dancing and as long as we're dancing, that's my favorite song. You breathe a magic charm into the melody, Weaving a mystic spell in ev'ry word just for me. My favorite song is the song that they play when I'm dancing, anytime that I'm dancing but that's only true anytime that I'm dancing with you. My you.
Charlie Chaplin - This Is My Song.xml
Why is my heart so light? Why are the stars so bright? Why is the sky so blue since the hour I met you. Flowers are smiling bright. Smiling for our delght. Smiling so tenderly, for the world, you and know why the world is smiling, smiling so tenderly. It hears the same old story thru all eternity. Love this is my song, Here is a song, a serenade to you. The world cannot be wrong if in this world there's you. I care not what the world may say without your love there is no day. Love this is my song here is a song, a serenade to you.
Irving Berlin - Count Your Blessings.xml
When I'm worried and I cant sleep I count my blessings instead of sheep and I fall asleep counting my blessings when my bankroll is getting small I think of when I have none at all and I fall asleep counting my blessings I think about a nurs'ry and I picture curly heads. and one by one I count them as they slumber in their beds If you're worried and you can't sleep just count your blessings instead of sheep and you'll fall asleep count ing your blessings.
Jack Strachey, Manning Sherwin, Eric Maschwitz - A Nightingale Sang In Berkeley Square.xml
That certain night the night we met there was magic abroad in the air, There were angels dining at the Ritz and a nightingale sang in Berkeley Square. I may be right I may be wrong, but I'm perfectly willing to swear that when you turned and smiled at me a nightingale sang in Berkeley Square. The moon that lingered over London Town poor puzzled moon, he wore a frown How could he know that we were so in love? The whole darn world seemed upside down, The streets of town were paved with stars, It was such a romantic affair And as we kissed and said goodnight a nightingale sang in Berkeley Square.
Fritz Schultz Reichel, Robert Mellin - The man with the banjo.xml
Who's that coming? Who's that strum,ming? That;s the man with the banjo For a penny he;ll play any song that's happy and gay Folks all smile and stop awhile because the man with the banjo makes their troubles burst like bubbles chasing worries away See the children running after while he plays his merry song All their hearts are filled with laughter as they tag along Shadows falling sandmans calling there goes the man with the ban jo Gaily humming softly strumming on his merry old way. way,
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - This Can't Be Love.xml
This can't be love because I feel so well No sobs, no sorrows no sighs, this can't be love I get no dizzy spells My head is not in the skies My heart does not stand still Just hear it beat! This is too sweet to be love This can't be love because I feel so well but still I love to look in your eyes,
Jimmy Webb - Wichita Lineman.xml
I am the lineman for the county, And I drive the main road Searchin' in the sun for another overload. I hear you singin' in the wires I can hear you thru the whine, And the Wichita lineman is still on the line. I know I need a small vacation, But it don't look like rain, And if it snows that stretch down south will never stand the strain. And I need you more than want you, And I want you for all time, And the Wichita lineman is still on the line
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - You Were Meant For Me.xml
You were meant for me I was meant for you Nature patterned you and when she was done you were all the sweet things rolled into one youre like a plaintive melody that never lets me free for I'm content the angels must have sent you and they meant you just for me.
Noel Coward - Dance, little lady.xml
Dance dance dance little lady Youth is pleasing to the rhythm beating in your mind Dance dance dance little lady So obsessedwith second best no restyou'll ever find Time and tide and trouble never never wait Let the cauldron bubble Justify your fate Dance dance dance little lady Dance dance dance little lady Leave tomorrow behind
George Beverly Shea 1957 - The Wonder Of It All.xml
there's the won der of sun set at even ing the won der of sunrise I see but the won der of won ders that thrill my soul is the won der that God loves me o the won der of it all the won der of it all just to think tnat God loves me O the won der of it all the won der of it all just to think that God loves me there's the won der of spring time and har vest the sky the stars the sun won der of won ders that thrills my soul is a won der that's on ly be gun oh the won der of it all the won der of it all just to think tnat God loves me O the won der of it all the won der of it all just to think that God loves me there's the won der of sun set at even ing the won der of sunrise I see but the won der of won ders that thrill my soul is the won der that God loves me o the won der of it all the won der of it all just to think tnat God loves me O the won der of it all the won der of it all just to think that God loves me
Jimmy Munday, Illinois Jacquet, Al Stillman - Don'cha Go 'Way Mad.xml
I must confess what you say is true: I had a rendezvous with somebody new; That's the only one I ever had; Baby, baby don'cha go 'way mad. Oh, cheatin' shows and it never goes, You gotta reason to be mad, I suppose; But, she only was a passing fad, Baby, baby don'cha go 'way mad. Her kinds a dime a dozen, That's not the kind I want. Who'd ever dream your cousin Would wander into that restaurant? I understand that you feel upset, What do you say that you forgive and forget. Come and kiss me just to show you're glad, Baby, baby don'cha go 'way mad.                                     I should have passed her by. Would come along and give us the eye? go 'way mad.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - I've Got Five Dollars.xml
(Boy) I've got five dollars; I'm in good condition; And I've got ambition; That belongs to you; Six shirts and collars; Debts beyond endurance; On my life insurance; That belongs to you; I've got a heart that must be spurtin'! Just be certain I'll be true! Take my five dollars! Take my shirt and collars! Take my heart that hollers, "Ev'rything I've got belongs to you! (Girl)  I've got five dollars; Eighty five relations; Two lace combinations; They belong to you; Two coats with collars; Ma and grandma wore 'em; All the moths adore 'em; They belong to you; I've got two lips that care for mating, Therefore waiting will not do! Take my five dollars! Take my coats and collars! Take my heart that hollers, "Evrything I've got belongs to you!
Kris Kristofferson - Casey's Last Ride.xml
Casey joins the hollow sound of silent people walkin' down the stairway to the subway in the shadows down below Following their footsteps thru the neon darkened corridors of silent desperation never speain' to a soul. The poison air he's breathin' has the dirty smell of dyin' 'cause it's never seen the sunshine and it's never felt the rain. But Casey minds the arrows and ignores the fatal echoes of the clickin' of the turnstyle and the rattle of it's chains "Oh," she said, "Casey, it's been so long since I've seen you. Here," she said, "Just a kiss to make a body smile. See," she said, "I've put on new stockings just to please you Lord," she said, "Casey, can you only stay a while." Casey leaves the underground and stops inside the Golden Ground for somethin' wet to wipe away the chill that's on his bones, Seeing his reflection in the lives of all the lonely men who reach for anything they can to keep from going home. Standing in the corner, Casey drinks his pint of bitter, never glancing in the mirror at the people passing by Then he stumbles as he's leavin' and he wonders if the reason is the beer that's in his belly or the tear that's in his eye "Oh," she said, "I suppose you seldom think about me. Now," she said, "Now that you've a fam'ly of your own. Still," she said, "It's so blessed good to feel your body. Lord," she said, "Casey, it's a shame to be a
Maud Nugent - Sweet Rosie O'Grady.xml
Just down around the corner of the street where I reside, There lives the cutest little girl that I have ever spied; Her name is Rose O'Grady and, I don't mind telling you, That she's the sweetest little Rose the garden ever grew. Sweet Rosie O'Grady, My dear little Rose, She's my steady lady, Most ev'ryone knows. And when we are married, How happy we'll be I love sweet Rosie O'Grady, And Rosie O'Grady loves me. me.
Billy Sherrill, Norris Wilson, Rory Bourke - The Most Beautiful Girl.xml
Hey did you happen to see the most beautiful girl in the world and if you did was she crying crying Hey if you happen to see the most beautiful girl that walked out on me tell her I'm sorry tell her I need my baby Won't you tell her that I love her I woke up this morning and realized what I had done I stood alone in the cold grey dawn I knew I'd lost my morning sun I lost my head and I said somethings Now come the heartaches that the morning brings I know I'm wrong and I couldn't see I let my world slip away from me so that I love her that I love
Sarah McLachlan - Angel.xml
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance, For a break that would make it okay. There's always some reason to feel not good enough, and it's hard at the end of the day. I need some distrac tion oh beautiful release. Memory seep from my veins. Let me be empty oh and weightless and maybe I'll find some peace tonight In the arms of the angel. Fly away from here, from this dark, cold hotel room and the endlessness that you fear. You are pulled from the wreckage of your silent reverie. You're in the arms of the angel. May you find some comfort here. You're so tired of the straight line, and ev'rywhere you turn there;s vultures and thieves at your back Storm keeps on twisting. Keep on building the lies that you make up for all that you lack. It don't make no diff'rence escaping one last time. It's easier to believe in this sweet madness, oh this glo rious sadness that brings me to my knees here. You're in the arms of the angel, May you find some comfort here.
Charles Chaplin, Geoffrey Parsons, John Turner - Smile.xml
Smile, though your heart is aching. Smile, even though it's breaking. When there are clouds in the sky, you'll get by. If you smile through your fear and sorrow, smile and maybe tomorrow, you'll see the sun come shining through for you. Light up your face with gladness. Hide ev'ry trace of sadness, Although a tear may be ever so near. That's the time you must keep on trying, smile, what's the use of crying. You'll find that life is still worthwhile, if you'll just smile. smile.
Gilbert Becaud, Mack  David - It Must Be Him.xml
I tell myself, what's done is done, I tell myself, don't be a fool. play the field have a lot of fun, it's easy when you play it cool. I tell myself don't be a chump, who cares, let him stay away, that's when the phone rings and I jump, and as I grab the phone I pray. Let it please be him, oh dear God, it must be him, it must be him, or I shall die, or I shall die Oh! Hello, hello my dear God, it must be him, but it's not him, and then I die, that's when I die.After a while I'm myself again I pick the pieces off the floor, put my heart on the shelf again, You'll never hurt me anymore. I'm not A pupet on a string I'll find somebody else some day that's when the phone rings and I jump and once again I start to pray.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - I've Heard That Song Before.xml
It seems to me I've heard that song before it's from an old familiar score, I know it well, that melody It's funny how a theme recalls a favorite theme a dream that brought you so close to me I know each word because I've heard that song before the lyric said "Forever more." Forever more's a memory. Please have them play it again, and I'll remember just when I heard that lovely song before
Charlie Tobias and Sam H Stept, Lew Brown - Comes Love.xml
Come a rainstorm, put your rubbers on your feet. Comes a snowstorm, you can get a little heat. Comes love, nothing can be done! Comes a fire. then you know just what to do. Blow a tire you can buy another shoe. Comes love, nothing can be done! Don't try hidin' 'cause there isn't any use. You'll start slidin' when your heart turn on the juice. Comes a headache, you can lose it in a day. Comes a toothache, see your dentist right away. Comes love, nothing can be done! Comes a heatwave, you can hurry to the shore. Comes a summons, you can hide behind the door. Comes love, nothing can be done! Comes the measles, you can quarantine the room. Comes a "mousie" you can chase it with a broom. Comes love, nothing can be done! That's all brother, if you've ever been in love. That's all brother! You know what I'm speak ing of! Comes a nightmare, you can always stay awake. Comes depression, you may get another break. Comes love, nothing can be
Jack W. Hayford - Majesty.xml
Maj es ty wor ship his mag es ty Un to Je sus be all glo ry hon or and praise Maj es ty King dom au thor it y flows from His throne unto His own His an the ms raise so ex alt lift up on high the name of Je sus mig ni fy come glo ri fy Christ Je Sus the King! Maj es ty wor ship His Maj es ty Je sus who died now glo i fied King of all Kings so ex alt lift up on high the name of Je sus mag ni fy come glo ri fy Christ Je sus the King Maj es ty wor ship His Maj es ty Je sus who died now glo i fied King of all kings Je sus who died now glo i fied King of all kings.
Boudleaux Bryant - Love Hurts.xml
Love Hurts Love's sore, Love wounds and mars any heart not touched or strong in love; You take a lot of pain, take a lot of pain; Love is like a cloud... holds a lot of rain. Love Hurts, Love Hurts. I know, I know, but even so, I know a thing or two; I've learned from you; I really learned a lot, really learned a lot; Love is like a stove... burns you when it's hot. Love Hurts, Love Hurts. Some fool's reign of happiness, blissfullness, togetherness; Some fools fool themselves, I guess, but they won't fool me. You know it isn't true, know it isn't true, Love is just a lie made to make you blue, Love Hurts Love
Jessie Mae Robinson - Keep It a Secret.xml
If you see my darling with somebody new, Keep it a secret Whatever you do. Why should you tell me and break my poor heart, Then foolish pride would just drive us apart. If you see my darling in some rendezvous, Painting the town, with a boy she once knew, Pay no attention and just let it be, but keep it a secret from me.
Richard Whiting, Leo Robin - I Can't Escape From You.xml
I'm free as a wandering breeze, I'm free to wander anyplace I please and yet, I can't excape from you. I'm free as the birds in the trees, I'm ever free to sail the seven seas and yet, I can't escape from you. I could ride away, and hide away where we were miles apart, but when I got there I'd find you there right in my heart. And so you see that I'm really not free, I'm so afraid you might escape from me and yet, I can't excape from you. I'm you.
Victor Young, Ned Washington - Stella By Starlight.xml
The Song a robin sings through years of endless springs The murmur of a brook at even tide That ripples by a nook where two lovers hide A great symphonic theme that's Stella by Star light and not a dream My heart and I agree she's ev'rything on earth to me.
Cliff Friend , Charles Tobias - Don't Sweetheart Me.xml
Don't sweetheart me if you don't mean it don't talk sweet words if they're not true don"t tear my heart like it was paper because my heart loves only you you can't go round sweethearting others and then pretend I'm yours exclusively love must be true mean what you're saying unless you do don't sweetheart me
Toni Tennille - Do That To Me One More Time.xml
Do that to me one more time once is never enough with a man like you Do that to me one more time I can never get enough of a man like you Woah kiss me like you just did oh ba by do that to me once a gain (1) instrumental with a man like you Woah do that to me one more time I can never get enough of a man like you Woah kiss me like you just did Woah ba by do that to me once a gain woah woah ba by
Traditional Irish-Australian ballad - The Wild Colonial Boy.xml
Therewas a wild Colonial Boy, Jack Duggan washis name. He was born and reared in Ireland, in a placecalled Castle maine. He was his father's only son, and his mother's pride and joy, And dearly did his parents love, The Wild Colonial Boy.
pop, John Lennon - Woman.xml
Woman I can hardly express, My mixed emotion at my thoughtlessness, After all I'm forever in your debt, & woman I will try to express, my inner feelings & thankfullness, For showing me the meaning of success, Ooh well, well, Doo doo doo doo doo. Ooh well, well, Doo doo doo doo doo. Woman I know you understand The little child inside the man, Please remember my life is in your hands, & woman hold me close to your heart, However, distant don't keep us apart, After all it is written in the stars, doo doo. Woman please let me explain, I never meant to cause you sorrow or pain, So let me tell you again & again & again, I love you (yeah, yeah) now & forever, I
Jimmie Davis - Nobody's Darlin' But Mine.xml
Come sit by my side little darlin Come lay your cool hand on my brow promise me that you will never be nobody's darlin but mine Nobody's darlin but mine love be honest be faithful be kind promise me that you will never be nobody's darlin but mine.
John W Wright (1986), John W Wright - Jazzy.xml
You know what'th say about love well I'm telling you it's true and you know what they 'bout money and what it'can do to you love rules ya mind and body fools y'r soul now money makes you lose control body gives you pleaiure it's easy to see your'the Girl of my dreams Angel of my life and when I see that look I know it means tonight
Phil Springer, Tony Springer, Joan Javits - Santa Baby.xml
Mister Clause, I feel as tho' I know ya, so you won't mind if I should get famiya, will ya? Santa baby, just slip a sable under the tree for me. Been an awful good girl, Santa Baby, so hurry down the chimney tonight. Santa Baby, a fifty four convertible too, light blue. I'll wait up for you dear, Santa Baby, so hurry down the chimney tonight Think of all the fun I've missed. Think of all the fellas that I haven't kissed. Next year I could be just as good if you check off my Christmas list. Santa Baby, I want a yacht and really that's not a lot. Been and angel all year, Santa Baby, so hurry down the chimney tonight Santa Baby, one little thing i really do need; the deed to a platinum mine, Santa honey, so hurry down the chimney tonight. Santa cutie, and fill my stocking with a duplex and cheques. Sign you X on the line, Santa cutie, and hurry down the chimney tonight. Come and trim my Christmas tree. With some decorations bought at Tiffany. I really do belive in you. Let's see if you believe in me. Santa Baby, forgot to mention one little thing: a ring! I don't mean on the phone, Santa Baby, so hurry down the chimney tonight.
Abe Olman, Ed. Rose - Oh, Johnny! Oh, Johnny! Oh!.xml
Oh, Johnny! Oh, Johnny! how you can love! Oh! Johnny! Oh, Johnny! Heavens above! You make my sad heart jump with joy, And when you're near I just can't sit still a minute, I'm so, Oh, Johnny! Oh, Johnny! Please tell me, dear, What makes me love you so? You're not handsome, it's true, But when I look at you, I just, Oh, Johnny! Oh, Johnny! Oh!
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - The Secret Of Christmas.xml
It's not the glow you feel when snow appears, It's not the Christmas card you've sent for years, Not the joyful sound when sleighbells ring, Or the merry songs children sing. The little gift you send on Christmas day, Will not bring back the friend you've turned away; So may I suggest the secret of Christmas is not the things you do at Christmas time, But the Christmas things you do all year through.
Tolchard Evans, Robert Hargreaves, Stanley J. Damerell - If (They Made Me A King).xml
If they made me a king, I'd be but a slave to you. If I had ev'rything, I'd still be a slave to you. If I ruled the night, stars and moon so bright, Still I'd turn for light to you. If the world to me bow'd, yet humbly I'd plead to you. If my friends were a crowd, I'd turn in my need to you. If I ruled the earth, what would life be worth If I hadn't the right to you? you?
Willie Nelson - Crazy.xml
Crazy crazy for feeling so lonely I'm crazy Crazy for feeling so blue. I know you'd love me as long as you wanted, Then someday you'd leave me for sombody new. Worry Why do I let myself worry? Wond'ring, What in the world did I do? Crazy for thinking that my love could hold you I'm crazy for crying, I'm crazy for trying and I'm crazy for loving you.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - About a Quarter to Nine.xml
The stars are gonna twinkle and shine this evening about a quarter to nine my lovin arms are gonna tenderly twine around you about a quarter to nine I know I won't be late cause at half past eight I'm gonna hurry there I'll be waiting where the lane begins waiting for you on needles and pins and then the world is gonna be mine this evening about a quarter to nine
Mack O. Taunton 1986 - Into His Presence.xml
Glo ry sur rounds us bles sings a wait us as we come be for the King Pow er a bun dant Ours for the ask ing Joy from His e ter nal spring In to His pres ence with sing ing in to His courts with praise be thank ful to Him bless His name the Lamb is wor thy of praise through His gates with thanks giv ing hear ho san nas ring in to His pres ence with sing ing praise to our soon com ing King give all your bur dens un to the Sav ior hear Him say Peace be still vic tory in bat tle com fort in trial and with His Spir it be filled In to His pres ence with sing ing in to His courts with praise be thank ful to Him bless His name the Lamb is wor thy of praise through His gates with thanks giv ing hear ho san nas ring in to His pres ence with sing ing praise to our soon com ing King
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - You'll Never Walk Alone.xml.1
When you walk through a storm, hold your head up high, and don't be afraid of the dark. At the end of the storm, is a golden sky, and the sweet silver song of a lark. Walk on through the wind, walk on through the rain, tho' your dreams be tossed and blown, Walk on, walk on, with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone. You'll never walk alone! When you lone!
Oscar Levant, Edward Heyman - Blame It On My Youth.xml
If I expected love when first we kissed, blame it on my youth; if only just for you I did exist, blame it on my youth. I believed in ev'rything like a child of three, you meant more than anything, all the world to me! If you were on my mind all night and day, blame it on my youth: if I forgot to eat and sleep and pray, blame it on my youth. If I cried a little bit when first I learned the truth, don't blame it on my heart, blame it on my youth.
Fred V.Deane, Woody Harris - Rock A Billy.xml
Rock a billy rockabilly rockabilly rock rockabilly rockabilly rock rock rock rockabilly rockabilly rockabilly rock rockabilly rockabilly rock rock some people think it cam from Tennessee then it spread on out to the lone prairie its a hillbilly rock and a fiddle dee dee turns me inside out gim me some hey grab yourself a partner lose the blues wear your storbought clothes and your stompinshoes Better head for the hills gonna blow my fuse Ooh I'm gonna shout gimme some Ya know what the rockabillys all about ya know its gotta make ya sing and shout ya know ya gonna act like a crazy fool who cares it's cool Rockabilly rockabilly rock rock
Fred Godfrey, Mark Sheridan - Who Were You With Last Night?.xml
Who were you with last night out in the pale moonlight it wasnt your sister it wasnt your ma Ah Ah Ah Ah ah ah ah ah who were you with last night out in tht pale moonlight are you going to tell you mis sus when you get home who you were with last night
Merle Kilgore, Claude King - Wolverton Mountain.xml
They say don't go  on Wolverton Mountain if you're looking for a wife cause Clifton Clowers has a pretty young daughter he's mighty handy with a gun and a knife her tender lips are sweeter than honey and Wolverton mountain protects her there the birds and the birds tell Clifton Clowers if a stranger should wander there there But I don't care about Clifton Clowers I"m gonna climb upon his mountain I'm go na take the girl I love I don't care about Clifton Clowers I"m a gonna climb upon his mountain and I'll get the one I love.
William Best, Deek Watson - For Sentimental Reasons.xml.1
I love you for sentimental reasons I hope you do believe me I'll give you my heart love you and you alone were meant for me please give your loving heart to me and say we'll never part. I think of you evry morning dream of you evry night darling I'm never lonely whenever you're in sight I love you for sentimental reasons I hope you do believe me I've given you my heart.
Agustin Lara, Ray Gilbert - You Belong To My Heart .xml
You belong to my heart now and forever and our love had its start not long ago we were gathering stars while a millionguitars played our love song when I said I love you evry beat of my heart said it too 'twas a moment like this do you remember? and your eyes threw a kiss when they met mine now we own all the stars and a million guitars are still playing Darling you are the song and you'll always belong to my heart.
KLF - JUSTIFIED AND ANCIENT.xml
All bound for MU MU LAND All bound for MU MU LAND Just i fied and they're an cient and they like to roam the land They're Just i fied and they're an cient I hope you un der stand They called Tammy up in Tenn es see They said Tam my stand by the jams But if you don't like what they're go ing to do You bet ter not stop them cuz they're com in' thru Heh! Heh! Heh! Heh! All bound for MU MU LAND All bound for MU MU LAND All bound for MU MU LAND
Brian Wilson, Van Dyke Parks - Surf's Up.xml
A dia mond necl lace played the pawn Hand in hand some drummed a long to a hand some man nered ba ton A blind class ar is toc ra cy Back thru the op' ra glass you see the pit and the pen dul am drawn (OCT) Co lum na ted ru ins do mi no. Can vas the town and brush the back drop Are you sleep ing Broth er John?  Hung vel vet ov er tak ing me Dim chan ad el iar aw ak ing me to a song dis sol ved in the dawn The mus ic hall a cost ly bow; the mus ic all is lost for now to a mut ed trump et ter swan (OCT) Dove nest ed towers, the hour was struck the street, quick sil ver moon. Car riage a cross the fog two step to lamp light cel lar tune (OCT) The laughs come hard in Auld Lang Syne The glass was raised, the fired roast, the full ness of the wine, the dim last toast ing: While at port a dieu or die A choke of grief heart hard ened eyes be yond be lief a brok en man too tough to cry SURF'S UP mmm mmm mmm mm mmm mmm a board a tid al wave Come a bout hard and join the young and of ten spring you gave I heard the word Won der ful thing, (OCT) a child ren's song A child ren's song Have you list ened as they play? Their song is love and the child ren know the way A child ren's song Have you list ened as they play? Their song is love and the child ren know the way A CHILD
English traditional - (Give Me That) Old-Time Religion.xml
Give me that old time religion give me that old time religion give me that old time religion its good enough for me it was good for our mothers it was good for our mothers it was good for our mothers and its good enough for me give me that old time religion give me that old time religion give me that old time re ligion its good e nough for me
Irving  Berlin - God Bless America.xml
While the storm clouds gather far across the sea, let us swear allegence to a land that's free. Let us all be grateful for a land so fair, as we raise our voices in a solemn prayer. God bless America Land that I love stand beside her and guide her thru the night with a light from above from the mountains to the prairies to the oceans white with foam. God bless America my home sweet home. God bless America my home sweet home.
Irving Berlin - I Used To Be Color  Blind.xml
I used to be color blind, but I met you and now I find there's green in the grass, there's gold in the moon, there blue in the skies. That semicircle that was always hanging about is not a stormcloud, it's a rainbow. You brought the colors out. Believe me it's really true, 'til I met you I never knew a setting sun could paint such beautiful skies. I never knew there were such lovely colors. And the big surprise is the red in your cheeks, the gold in your hair, the blue in your eyes blue in your eyes.
Johnny Moore, Lou Baxter - Merry Christmas Baby.xml
Merry Christmas Baby, you sure did treat me nice. Merry Christmas Baby, you sure did treat me nice. Gave me a diamond ring for Christmas No I'm livin' in Paradise. Well, I'm feelin' mighty fine, got good music on my radio, Well, I'm feelin' mighty fine, got good music on my radio, Well, I want to kiss you baby While you're standin' 'neath the mistletoe. Saint Nick came down the chimney 'bout halfpast three, Left all these pretty presents that you see before me, Merry Christmas Little Baby, you sure been good to me. I haven't had a drink this mornin' but I'm all lit up like a Christmas tree.
Colbert - Licorice.xml
How old were you when you knew you were dif 'frent ? And how long did it take to tell some one? At first I did n't like the lic' orice it was n't sweet and tast ed fun ny but when you learn to chew and swal low it slow You'd swear you'd found new hon ey Swear you'd found new hon ey How old were you when you knew you were dif 'frent ? And how long did it take to meet some one? At strange to dis cov er when its dark and qui et I can hear my own voice Its strange to see that be fore I fall as leep I on ly see your face At first I did n't like the lic' orice it was n't sweet and tast ed fun ny but when you learn to chew and swal low it slow You'd swear you'd found new hon ey Swear you'd found new hon ey How old are you and why do I feel dif 'frent? At first I did n't like it No, no I di n't like it but when you learn to chew and swal low it slow You'd swear you'd found new hon ey Swear you'd found new hon ey
Kerry Mills, Thurland Chattaway - Red Wing.xml
There once lived and indian maid, a shy little prairie maid, Who sang alay, a love song gay, As on the plain she'd While away the day, She loved a warrior bold, this shy little maid of old, But brave and gay he rode one day to battle far away. Now the moon shines tonight on pretty Red Wing, the breeze is sighing, the night birds crying, For afar 'neath his star her brave is sleeping, While Red Wing's weeping her heart away.
H. Eugene Gifford, Ned Jones - Smoke Rings.xml
Where do they go the smoke rings I blow each night? What do they do those circles of blue and white? Oh! why do they seem to picture a dream above? Then why do they fade my phantom parade of love? Where do they end the smoke rings I send on high? Where are they hurled when they've kissed the world goodbye? Oh! I'd give my life to laugh at this strife below. I'd be a king I'd follow each ring I blow. Puff, puff puff, puff your cares away. Puff, puff, puff night and day. Blow, blow them into air, silky little rings. Blow, blow them ev'rywhere, give your troubles wings. What do they tell and what is the spell they cast? Some of them fall and seem to recall the past. But most of them rise away to the skies of blue. Oh, little smoke rings I love please take me above take me with you!
Mel Torme, Robert Wells & Mel Torme - The Christmas Song.xml
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire Jack Frost nipping at your nose yuletide carols being sung by a choir and folks dressed up like Eskimos. Ev'rybody knows a turkey and some mistle toe help to make the season bright. Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow will find it hard to sleep tonight. They know that Santa's on his way; he's loaded lots of toys and goodies on his sleigh, and ev'ry moth er's child is gonna spy to see if reindeer really know how to fly. And so I'm offering this simple phrase to kids from one to ninety two Al though it's been said many times, many ways, "Merry Christmas to you you."
Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller - Jailhouse Rock (Transcribed).xml
The warden threw a party in the  county jail. The prison band was there and they began to wail. The band was jumpin' and the joint began to swing. You should 've  heard  those knocked out jail birds sing. Let's Rock! Ev 'ry body Let's Rock! Ev'rybody in the whole cell block was dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Spider Murphy played the tenor saxophone, Little Joe was blowin' on the  slide  trombone. The drummer  boy from  Illinois went  Crash!  Boom! Bang! The  whole rhythm section was the purple gang. Let's Rock! Ev 'ry body Let's Rock! Ev'rybody in the whole cell block was dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Number  forty seven said to number three, "You're the  cutest  jail bird I  ever  did see. I sure would be delighted with your company. Come on and do the Jailhouse Rock with me. Let's Rock! Ev 'ry body Let's Rock! Ev'rybody in the whole cell block was dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Sad Sack was sittin' on a block of stone way over in the corner weeping all alone. The warden said, "hey buddy, don't you be no square; if you can't find a partner use a wooden chair!" Let's Rock! Ev 'ry body Let's Rock! Ev'rybody in the whole cell block was dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Shifty Henry said to Bugs, "For Heavens's Sake; No one's lookin', now's the chance to make a break." Bugsy turned to Shifty and he said, "Nix! Nix! I  wanna stick around a while and get my kicks." Let's Rock! Ev 'ry body Let's Rock! Ev'rybody in the whole cell block was dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Dancin'  to the Jailhouse Rock! Yes! We were dancin' to the Jailhouse Rock!
Unknown - The House Of The Rising Sun.xml
There is a house in New Orleans They call the rising sun And it's been the ruin of many poor boys and God I know I'm one My mother was a tailor She sewed my new blue jeans and my father was a gambling man down in New Orleans
Cole Porter - Night And Day.xml.2
Like the beat, beat, beat of the tomtom, When the jungle shadows fall, Like the tick, tick, tock of the stately clock as it stands against the wall, Like the drip, drip, drip, of the raindrops, When the summer show'r is through; So a voice within me keeps repeating "You, you, you." Night and Day you are the one, on ly you be neath the moon and under the sun. Whether near to me or far, it’s no matter, darling, where you are I think of you night and day. Day and night why is it so, that this longing for you follows wherever I go? In the roaring traffic’s boom, in  the silence of my lonely room, I think of you night and day. Night and day un der the hide of me there’s an oh, such a hungry yearning, burning inside of me. And its torment won’t be through ’til you let me spend my life making love to you, day and night, night and day. Night and day
Leo Towers, Sonny Miller, Hugh Charles - Silver Wings in the Moonlight.xml
Silver wings in the moonlight flying high up a bove while I'm patiently waiting please take care of my love Silver wings in the moonlight silver bird in the sky many times has he told me he loves both you and I So I must share him with you what can I do? It just has to be I'll never keep him from you honest if you wont keep him from me If you love him like I do take him safely and then silver wings in the moonlight bring him homeward a gain.
Sammy Fain, Ralph Freed - Please Don't Say No, Say Maybe.xml
Please Don't Say "No" say "Maybe" or say "Come back in the Spring" say any old thing but don't say "No" Please Don't Say "No" 'cause baby I've so much love to impart, it's making my heart over flow Be sweet and kind and keep this thought in mind while you think it over Great loves from little frienships grow, So, Please Don't Say "No" say "Maybe" And though I wish you'd confess, right now I'd settle for less Because in time, baby, You'll wind up saying :Yes"
Al Jacobs, Jimmy Brewster, Jimmie Crane - If I Give My Heart To You.xml.1
If I give my heart to you, will you handle it with care? Will you always treat me tenderly and in ev'ry way be fair? If I give my heart to you, will you give me all your love? Will you swear that you'll be true to me by the light that shines above? And will you sigh with me when I'm sad, Smile with me when I'm glad, And always be as you are with me tonight?. Think it over and be sure, Please don't answer 'till you do. When you promise all these things to me, Then I'll give my heart to you.
Jackie de Shannon, Jimmy Holiday, Randy Myers - Put A Little Love In Your Heart.xml
Think of your fellow man lend him a helping hand put a little love in your heart you see its getting late oh please don't hesitate put a little love in your heart and the world will be a better place and the world will be a better place for you and me you just wait and see see wait and see take a good look around and if youre lookin down put a little love in your heart I hope when you dekindness will be your guide put a little love in your heart and the world will be a better place and the world will be a better place for you and me you just wait and see put a little love in your heart
Marvin Philips, Johnny Perry - Cherry Pie.xml
Cherry nah nah nah Cherry Pie nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah Cher ry,  nah nah nah Cher ry  Pie nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah Cher ry,  nah nah nah Cher ry  Pie Whoa  so  good.  Sugar sugar plum Sugar Sugar plum Sugar Sugar plum Sweet as they come. Little Jack Horner sat sat sat in his corner eating his cherrie Cherie Pie. I didn't stick in my thumb, I didn't pull out a plum. I guess I'm not as straight as he. Gi' me Gi' me some. Gi' me Gi' me some Gi' me Gi' me some Cherry Cherry Pie.
Ford Dabney, Cecil Mack, Lew Brown - S-H-I-N-E.xml
Shine away your bluesies. Shine, start with your shoesies, Shine each place up, make it look like new. Shine your face up, wear a smileor two. Shine your these and thosies,  you'll find that ev'rything will turn out fine. Folks will shine up to ya, ev'ryone will howdydo ya, you'll make the whole world shine. shine.
Cole Porter - Just One Of Those Things.xml
It was just one of those things, just one of those crazy flings. One of those bells that now and then rings, just one of those things. It was just one of those nights, just one of those fabulous flights, a trip to the moon on gossamer wings, just one of those things. If we'd thought a bit of the end of it when we started painting the town, we'd have been aware that our love affair was too hot not to cool down. So goodbye, dear, and Amen, Here's hoping we meet now and then it was great fun, but it was just one of those things It was things
George Young, Harry Vanda - Love Is In The Air.xml
Love is in the air evry where I look around love is in the air evry sight and evry sound and I don't know if I'm being foolish don't know if I'm being wise but it's something that I must believe in and it's there when I look in your eyes Love is in the air in the whisper of the trees love is in the air in the thunder of the seas and I don't know if I'm just dreaming don't know if I feel sane but it's something that I must believe in and it's there when you call out my name Love is in the air Love is in the air oh oh
Mike Stoller & Jerry Leiber - Black Denim Trousers And Motorcycle Boots.xml
He wore black denim trousers and motor cycle boots, And a black leather jacket with an eagle on the back. He had a hopped up 'cycle that took off like a gun. That fool was the terror of Highway "oneoone." ..Well, he never washed his face and he never combed his hair. He had axelgrease imbedded underneath his fingernails. On the muscle of his arm was a red tattoo, A picture of a heart, sayin' "mother, I love you." He had a pretty girlfriend by the name of Mary Lou, But he treated her just like he treated all the rest. And ev'ry body pitied her 'cause ev'ry body knew He loved that doggone motorcycle best He wore ...Mary Lou, poor girl, she pleaded and she begged him not to leave. She said, "I've got a feeling if you ride tonight I'll grieve. But her tears were shed in vain and her ev'ry word was lost in the rumble of his engine and the smoke from his exhaust. He took off like a devil; there was fire in his eyes. He said, I'll go a thousand miles before the sun can rise." But he hit a screamin' Diesel that was California bound, And when they cleared the wrteckage all they found Was his black denim trousers and motor cycle boots and a black leather jacket with an eagle on the back. But they couldn't find the 'cycle that took off like a gun, And they never found the terror of Highway "oneoone."
Isham Jones, Gus Kahn - I'll See You In My Dreams.xml
I'll see you in my dreams Hold you in my dreams. Someone took you out o my arms; Still I feel the thrill of your charms. Lips that once were mine, Tender eyes that shine, They will light my way tonnight I'll see you in my dreams
Henry Mancini, Al Stillman - I Love You And Don't You Forget It.xml
I love you and don'tyou forget it. I love you and don'tyou forget it. I love you and don'tyou forget it, Baby.Love me, too, and you won't regret it. Love me too and you won't regret it, love me, too and you won't re gret it Baby I love you and don't you forget it, I love you and don't you forget it. I love you and don't you forget it, Baby. I love you and don't you forget it, (That makes seven times that I said it, I don't see how you can forget it now. I love you in the springtime, I love you in the Fall; I love you at a party, We always have a ball; And when you're in my arms, dear, I love you most of all, In the morning and in the evening and when ita cloudy or clear, I'm in lovewith you so in love with you ev'ry day of the year. (That makes twenty times that I said it, now! I love you and don't you forget it, There, that's one more time that I said it, I don't see how you can forget it now!
Harold Arlen, Yip Harburg - Paris is a Lonely Town.xml
The glamour's gone the shades are down and Paris is only a lonely town lonely. When love's a laugh and you're the clown, then Paris is only a dreary town, dreary! For the loveless clown this town's a weary merrygo round, and round, and round. The chestnut, the willow, the colors of Utrillo turn to grey, grey hues. The band playing Bezet along the Champs Elysee sounds like way down blues. Paris is a dreary lonely oh so lonely town. Where's that shining flower 'neath the Eiffel Tower? Where's that fairy land of gold. Isn't it a pity that this magic city turned sudenly cold. The chimney's moan, the river cries, each glamorous bridge is a bridge of sighs River, river, won't you be my lover? Don't turn me down. For Paris is such a lonely ly Lone ly town.
Hoagy Carmichael, Sidney Arodin - Lazy River.xml
Up a lazy rier by the old millrun that lazy lazy river in the noon day sun. Linger in the shade of a kind old tree; throw away your troubles dream a dream of me. Up a lazy river where the robin's song awakes a bright new mornin we can loaf along. Blue skies up above,ev'ryones in love; up a lazy river how happy you can be, up a lazy river with me.
The Bell Sisters - Bermuda.xml
Down in Bermuda, paradise for two. I lost my lover there on the blue. We went sailing on a coral sea, Starlit waters, my darling and me. Time was endless Love sang it's song, we dreamed of tomorrow, Now he is gone, I see his lips in the co ral I see his eyes in the water blue I see his hair in the glowing sunlight, A vision clear, calling me near. In Bermudan waters, Oh, so clear and cold I wait my loved one as I grow old. As I grow old I wait my loved one, as I grow old. We went old.
Dave Williams, Sunny David - Whole Lot-ta Shakin' Goin' On.xml
Come on over baby WHOLE LOTTA SHAK'IN GOIN' ON Come on over, baby an' baby you can't go wrong. Ain't nobody fakin' whole lotta shakin goin' on. Come on over, baby Whole lotta kickin' in the barn. Come on over, baby We got the bull by the horn, Ev'rything is takin' whole lotta skakin' goin' on whole lotta shakin' goin' on, Whole lotta shakin' goin' on.
Hurricane Smith - Oh Babe.xml
Have I a hope for half a chance, To even ask if I could dance with you, you oo Would you greet me or politely turn away, Would there suddenly be sunshine on a cold and rainy day? Oh Babe, what would you say?  For there are you sweet lollipop For here am I with such a lot to say Hey Hey! Just to walk with you along the Miky Way, To caress you thru' the nighttime Bring you flowers ev'ry day Oh Babe, what would you say? Yes oh baby I know I know I could be so in love with you, And I know that I could make you love me too. And if I could only hear you say you do oo oo oo oo But any way what would you say. what would you say
Thad Jones, Alec Wilder - A Child is Born.xml
Now out of the night, new as the dawn, into the light. This child, innocent child, soft as a fawn, this child is born. One small heart, one pair of eyes, one work of art, here in my arms. Here he lies, trusting and warm. Blessed this morn! A child is born.
Traditional Welsh - The Ash Grove.xml
Down yonder green valley where streamlets meander when twilight is fading I pensivly rove, or at the bright moon tide in solitude wander amid the dark shades of the lonely ash grove. 'Twas there while the black bird was cheerfully singing, I first met that dear, one the joy of my heart, Around us for gladness, the blue bells were springing Ah! little though I how soon we should part.
Jerome Kern, Dorothy Fields - A Fine Romance.xml
A fine romance with no kisses a fine romance my friend this is we should be like a couple of hot tomatoes but you're as cold as yesterdays mashed potatoes a fine romance you wont nestle a fine romance you wont wrestle I might as well play bridge with my old maid aunts I haven't got a chance this is a fine romance!
Mary Travers, Milton Okun, Paul Stookey, Peter Yarrow adapted from trad. Appalachian song, Peter Yarrow - Tell It On The Mountai.xml
Go tell it on the mountain O ver the hill and ev ry where go tell it on the mountain to let my peo ple go Whos that yon der dressed in red let my peo ple know must be the child ren that Mo ses led let my peo ple go whos that yon der dressed in red must be the child ren that Mo ses led go tell it on the moun tain to let my peo ple go Whos that     yonder dressed om white let my people go must be the children ofthe Israelite let my peo ple go whos that yonder dressed in white must ne the children ofthe Israelites go tell it on the moun tain to let my peo ple go let my people go
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - The Alphabet Song.xml
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S and T U V W(doubleU) and X Y Z. Now you've heard my A B C's; Tell me what you think of me.
Elton John, Bernie Taupin & Davey Johnstone - I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues.xml
Don't wish it away, don't look at it like it's for ever. Between you and me I could honestly say that things can only get better. And while I'm away dust out the demons in side, and it won't be long before youand me run to the place in our hearts where we hide.). And I guess that's why they call it thye blues. Time on my hands could be time spent with you, laughing like children living like lovers, rolling like thunder under the covers, and I guess that's why they call it the blues. Just stare into space; picture my face in your hands, live for each second without hesitation, and never forget I'm your man. Wait on me girl, cry in the night if it helps, but more than ever I simply love you, more than I love life itself).
Boorer, Morrissey - ACTION IS MY MIDDLE NAME.xml
Writ ing my in it ials in to your neck You are my pos es sion you don't re'al ize YET! Am I mov ing to fast for you? Am I be gin ning to con fuse you? AC TION IS MY MID DLE NAME I can't waste time an y more Ev' ry bo dy has a date with an un der tak er A date they can not break! Tongue ag ainst tongue we've on ly just be gun Could I in trest you in hours of FUN?
Ivor Novello, Christopher Hassall - Rose of England.xml
Rose of England thou shall fade not here Proud and bright from growing year to year Red shall they petals be as rich wine untold
Tom Fletcher - I Want.xml
Give you this, give you that, Blow a kiss, take it back, If I look inside your brain, I would find lots of things, Clothes, shoes, diamond rings; Stuff that's driving me insane You could be preoccupied, Different date every night, you've just have to say the word. But you're not into them at all, you just want materials; I should know because I've heard when girls say... I want, I want, I wantBut that's crazy. I want, I want, I want, But that's not me. I want, I want, I want, to be loved by you. You've got every thing you need but you want accessories; Got to hold it in your hand. If I changed the world for you I bet you would'nt have a clue; Don't you know that I can't stand when girls say... I want, I want, I want, But that's crazy. I want, I want, I want, But that's not me. I want, I want, I want, to be loved by you. Oh and all the girls say... I want, I want, I want, But that's crazy. I want, I want, I want, But that's not me. I want, I want, I want, to be loved by you. I want, I want, I want, But that's crazy. I want, I want, I want, But that's crazy. I want, I want, I want to be loved by you Oh and all the girls say... I want, I want, I want, But that's crazy. I want, I want, I want, But that's not me I want, I want, I want to be loved by you. Oh and all the girls say...
Jerome Kern, Otto Harbach - Smoke Gets in Your Eyes.xml
They asked me how I knew my true love was true? I of course replied "Something here inside cannot be denied." They said someday you'll find, all who love are blind, When your hearts on fire, you must realize Smoke Gets In Your Eyes. So I chaffed them and I gay ly laughed to think they could doubt my love. Yet today my love had flown away I am with out my love. Now laughing friends deride, tears I cannot hide, so I smile and say, "When a lovely flame dies, Smoke Gets In Your Eyes.
Fredrick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - They Call The Wind Maria.xml
Away out here they have a name for rain and wind and fire. The rain is Tess, the fire is Joe, and they call the wind Maria. Maria blows the stars around, and sends the clouds aflyin.' Maria makes the mountain sound like folks were up there dyin.' Maria! Ma ria! They call the wind Maria! Before I knew Maria's name, and heard her wail and whinin', I had a gal, and she had me, and the sun was always shinin'. But then one day I left my gal, I left her far behind me. And now I'm lost, so goldarn lost, not even God can find me. ria! Out here they have a name for rain, for wind and fire only. But when you're lost and all alone, there ain't no name for lonely. And I'm a lost and lonely man without a star to guide me. Maria blow my love to me, I need my gal beside me. ria!
Aaron Schroeder, Claude DeMetrius, Bruce Sussman, Jack Feldman - Santa Bring My Baby Back (to Me).xml
Don't need a lot of presents to make my Christmas bright. I just need my baby's arms wound around me tight. Oh, Santa, hear my plea Santa, bring my baby back to me. The Christmas tree is ready, the candles all aglow, but with my baby far away what good is mistle toe? Oh, Santa hear my plea. Santa bring my baby back to me. Please make those reindeer hurry; the time is drawin near. It sure won't seem like Christmas unless my baby's here. Don't fill my sock with candy, no bright and shiny toy. You wanna make me happy and fill my heart with joy? Then, Santa, hear my plea. Santa, bring my baby back to me.
Tommy Dorsey, Ted Shapiro, Benny Davis - To You.xml
To you I give all of my heart and my love to you. To you I'll bring sunbeam from heaven above to you. To me you're an angel adn you mean the world to me. I'll be forever yours. Your smile made the clouds and the shadows on high take wings. Your kiss was a real inspiration to greater things. My dreams I'm so thankful and grateful to say came true. I owe it all to you.
Carmen Lombardo 1941,  John Jacob Loeb 1941 - Ma, I Miss Your Apple Pie.xml
Ma I miss your apple pie Ma I miss your stew Ma they're treating me alright but they cant cook like you Ma no bodys spoiling me like you used to do they wont let me stay in bed until noon at five fortyfive they play me a tune oh Ma I miss your apple pie and most of all I miss you too
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - And I Love Her.xml
I give her all my love, that's all I do and if you saw my love you"d love her I love her She gives me evry thing and tenderly the kiss my lover brings she brings to too me and I love her. A love like ours Could never die as long as I have you near me bright are the stars that shine dark is the sky I know this love of mine will never die and I love her.
Ronald White, William Smokey Robinson - My Girl.xml
I've got sunshineon a cloudy day when it's cold outside I've got the month of May I guess you say what can make me feel this way? My girl talking 'bout my girl. I've got so much honey the bees envy me I've got a sweeter song than the birds in the tree. Well I guess you say what can make me feel this way? My girl talking 'bout my girl. I don't need no money fortune or fame I've got all the riches baby, one man can claim. Well, I guess you say what can make me feel this way? My girl talking 'bout my girl. I've got sunshine on a cloudyday with my girl; I've even got the month of May with my girl. Talking'bout, talking 'bout, talking 'bout my girl Woo my girl that's all I can talk about is my girl.
Marr, Morrissey - THAT JOKE ISN'T FUNNY ANYMORE.xml
Park the car at the side of the road you should know Times tide will smoth er you and I will too When you laugh a bout people who feel so ve ry lone ly their on ly de sire is to die Well, I'm a fraid it does n't make me smile I wish I could laugh but that Joke is n't fun ny an y more its too close to home and its to near the bone more than you'll ev er know It was dark as I drove the point home and on cold leat her seats well it sud den ly struck me I just might die with a smile on my face af ter ALL I've seen this hap pen in oth er peo ple's lives and now its hap 'ning in mine
Tom Waits - Temptation.xml
Rusted brandy  in  a  diamond  glass  ev 'ry  thing  is  made  from  dreams  time  is  made  from  honey  slow  and  sweet.  on ly  th  fools  know  what  it  means.  Temp ta tion,  temptation  Temptation,  I  can't  re sist.  Well  I  know  I know that she is made of smoke but i 've lost my way she knows that I am broke so that i must play
Riz Ortolani, Norman Newell - Forget Domani.xml
Let's forget about tomorrow, let's forget about tomorrow, let's forget about tomorrow for tomorrow never comes. comes. Domani, forget domani, let's live for now and anyhow, who needs domani. The moonlight, let's share the moonight, Perhaps together we will never be again. Oh what a moon, Oh what a sea, With such a moon and such a sea, and you with me. I get so dizzy when you're standing near, It's not the music that you hear, My heart is beating like a jungle drum. Let's take the minutes as they speed away, and hope it's true what people say, when you're in love tomorrow never comes. Let's forget about tomorrow, let's forget about tomorrow, let's forget about tomorrow for tomorrow never comes. comes.
Gaston Lyle, George Leybourne - Man On The Flying Trapeze.xml
Oh once I was happy but now I'm forlorn like an old coat that is tattered and torn left in this wide world to fret and to mourn betrayed by a maid in her teens oh the girl that I loved she was handsome and I tried all I knew her to please but I could not please her one quarter so well as the man on the flying trapeze Oh! he'd fly thro' the air with the greatest of ease a daring young man on the flying trapeze his movements were graceful all girls he could please and my love he purloined away.
James A. Bland - Oh, Them Golden Slippers.xml
Oh my golden slippers are alaid away 'Cause I dont 'spect to wear em till my wedding day and my longtailed coat that I loved so well I will wear up in the chariot in the morn. My white robe that I bought last June I'm goin to get changed cause it fits too soon and the old frey horse that I used to drive I will hitch him to the chariot in the morn. Oh, them golden slippers Oh, them golden slippers golden slippers I'm going to wear because they look so neat Oh them golden slippers Oh them golden slippers golden slippers i'm going to wear to walk the golden street.
Cole Porter - Let's Misbehave.xml
We're all alone, No chaperon Can get our number, The world's in slumber, Let's Misbehave! There's something wild About you, child, That's so contagious, Let's be outragious, Let's Misbehave When Adam won Eve's hand, He wouldn't stand for teasin'; He didn't care about Those apples, out of season. They say the Spring means just one thing To little lovebirds; We're not above birds, Let's Misbehave. It's getting late And while I wait, My poor heart aches on, Why keep the brakes on? I feel quite sure, Un peu d'amour Would be attractive, While we're still active,You know my heart is true, And you say you for me care; Somebody's sure to tell, But what the heck do we care! They say that bears have love affairs, And even camels; We're merely mammals,
Traditional - We wish you a merry christmas.xml
We wish you a mer ry Christ mas, we wish you a mer ry Christ mas, We wish you a mer ry Christ mas and a hap py new year! Good tid ings to you where ev er you are: Good tid ings for Christ mas and a hap py New Year! We wish you a mer ry Christ mas. We wish you a mer ry Christ mas We wish you a mer ry Christ mas and a hap py New Year!
George M. Cohan - Over There.xml
Over there over there send the word send the word 0ver there that the Yanks are coming the Yanks are coming the drums rumtuming evrywhere so prepare say a pray'r send the word send the word to beware we'll be over we're coming over and we wont come back till its over over there over over over there.
Marr, Morrissey - REEL AROUND THE FOUNTAIN.xml
Its time that the tale were told of how you took a child and you made him old its time that the tale were told of how you took a child and you made him old You made him old Reel A round The Foun tain slap me on the pat i o I'll take it now Ohh Fif teen min utes with you I woul dn't say no Peo ple said that you were virt ual ly dead and they were so wrong Fif teen min utes with you I woul dn't say no Peo ple said that you were ea si ly led and they were half right they were half right they were half right Ohh I dreamt a bout you last night and I fell out of bed twice You can pin and mount me like a but ter fly Take me to the ha ven of your bed was some thing that you ne ver said Two lumps please you're the bees knees but so am I
Bob Crewe, Kenny Nolan - My Eyes Adored You.xml
My eyes a dored you though I never laid a hand on you My eyes adored you like a million miles away from me you couldnt see how I adored you so close so close and yet so far Carried your books from school playin make believe you're married to me you were fifth grade i was sixth when we came to be walkin home evry day over Bonnicut bridge and bay till we grew into the me and you who went our separate ways my eyes aHeaded for cit y lights climbed the ladder up to fortune and fame I worked my fingers to the bone made myself a name funny I seemed to find that no matter how the years unwind still I reminice bout the girl I miss,and the love I left behind my eyes aall my life I will remem ber how warm and ten der we were way back then whoa ba by Oh the feeling sad regrets I know I wont ev er forget you my childhood friends my eyes adored you though I never laid a hand on you my eyes adored you like a million miles away from me you couldnt see how I adored you so close, so close and yet so far My eyes adored
Marty Robbins - Devil Woman.xml
I told Mary about us told her about our great sin Mary just cried and forgave me Mary took me back again she said if I wanted my freedom I could be free ever more But I dont want to be and I dont want to see Mary cry any more Devil Woman Devil Woman let go of me Devil woman let me be leavme alone I want to go home Ma ry is waiting and weeping a,lone in her shack by the sea ev en after I hurt her Marys still in love with me De vil woman its over Trapped no more by your charms I dont want to stay I want to get away woman let,go of my arm C go  ing back home
Con Conrad, Sidney Clarke - Ma he's making eyes at me.xml
Ma he's making eyes at me Ma, he's awful nice to me Ma he's almost breaking my heart I'm beside him Mercy let his conscience guide him Ma he wants to marry me Be my honey bee every minute he gets bolder now he's leaning on my shoulder Ma he's kissing me
Kurt Weill, Maxwell Anderson - September Song.xml
When I was a young man courting the girls, I played me a waiting game. If a maid refused me with tossing curls, I let the old earth take a couple of whirls, while I plied her with tears in lieu of pearls, and as time came around she came my way, as time came around she came. Oh it's a long, long while from May to December, but the days grow short, when you reach September. When the autumn weather turns the leaves to flame one hasn't got time for the waiting game. Oh the days dwindle down  to a precious few, September, November, And these few precious days I'll spend with you. These precious days I'll spend with you.
George Cory, Douglass Cross - I Left My Heart In San Francisco.xml
I left my heart in San Francisco High on a hill it calls to me to be where little cable cars climb half way to the stars the morn ing fog may chill the air I dont care My love waits there in San Fran cisco Above the blue and windy sea When I come home to you San Francisco your golden sun will shine for me left my me
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Don Black - Amigos Para Siempre.xml
I don't have to say a word to you you seem to know whatever mood I'm going through Feel as though I've known you for ever You can look into my eyes and see the way I feel and how the world is treating me Maybe I have known you for ever Amigos para siempre means you'll always be my friend Amigos parasiempre means a love that cannot end friends for life not just a summer or a Spring a migospara siempre I feel you near me even when we are apart just knowing you are in this world can warm my heart friends for life not just a summer or a spring amigosparasiempre. We share memories I wont forget and we'll share more my friend we havent started yet something happens when we're together When I look at tiy I wonder why there has to come a time when we must say goodbye I'm alive when we are together siempreAmigospara siempre means you'll always be my friend Amigosparasiempre means a love that cannot end friends for life not just a summer or a spring amigospara siempre a migos para siempre.
Irving Berlin - Blue Skies.xml.1
Blue Skies smiling at me. Nothing but blue skies do I see. Bluebirds singing a song: nothing but bluebirds all day long Never saw the sun shining so bright, Never saw things going so right. Noticing the days hurrying by; when you're in love, my how they fly. Blue sdays, all of them gone. Nothing but blue skies from now on.
Bobby Timmons, Jon Hendricks - Moanin'.xml
Evry morning finds me moanin'. 'Cause of all the troublr I see. Life's a losing game me to me. Cares and worries got me moanin'. Evry evening finds me moanin'. I'm alone and crying the blues. I'm so tired of paying these dues. Cares and worries got me moanin'. Lord, I spend plenty of days and nights alone with my grief Lord I pray, really and truely pray someone will come and bring me relief!Evry morning finds me moanin'. 'Cause of all the troublr I see. Life's a losing me to me. Cares and worries got me moanin'.
Paul McCartney - Honey Pie.xml
She was a working girl North of England way. Now she's in the big time in the U. S. A. And if she could only hear me this is what I'd say.  Honey Pie, you are making me crazy, I'm in love but I'm lazy, So won't you please come home.  Oh  Honey Pie, my position is traggic, Come and show me the magic, of your Hollywood song. You became a legend of the silver screen, And now the thought of meeting you makes me weak in the knees. TTtee Honey Pie you are driving me frantic, Sail across the Atlantic To be where yo belong. Honey Pie come back to me. oo I like it like that. ooh ah. I likea this kind of hot kind of Music, Hot kind of music, play it to me. Play it to me, I got the blues  Will the wind that blew her boat across the sea.. Kindly send her sailing back to me. TTtee Honey Pie you nare making me crazy, I'm in love but I'm la zy, so wont you please come home, come, Come back to me Honey Pie, ha ha, ha, oo ah, oo oo ah Honey Pie come back.
Lionel Richie - Three times a lady.xml
Thanks for the times that you've given me the mem'ries are all in my mind And now that we've come to the end of our rainbow ther's something I must say out loud You're once, twice, three times a lady and I love you yes you're once, twice three times a lady and I love you I love you
Tammy Wynette, Billy Sherrill - Stand By Your Man.xml
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman Giving all the love to just one man You'll have the bad times and he'll have the good times doing things that you won't understand but if you love him you'll forgive him even though he's hard to understand and if you love him Oh be proud of him cause after all he's just a man Stand by your man give him two arms to cling to and something warm to come to when nights are cold and lonely stand by your man and tell the world you love him keep giving all the love you can stand by your man Stand by your man and show the world you love him keep giving all the love you can stand by your man.
Otis Blackwell (Jack Hammer) - Great Balls of Fire.xml
You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain. Too much love drives a man insane. You broke my will, but what a thrill. Goodness gracious, Great Balls of Fire! I laughed at love 'cause I thought it was funny. You came along and moved me honey. I changed my mind, this love is fine. Goodness gracious, Great Balls of Fire! Kiss me baby, Oh, yo! It feels good. Hold me, baby I want to love you like a lover should. You're fine, so kind. I'm gonna tell the world that you're mine, mine, mine, mine. I chew my nails and I twiddle my thumbs. I'm real nervous but it sure is fun! Oh, baby you're drivin' me crazy. Goodness gracious, Great Balls of Fire
Oley Speaks, Rudyard Kipling - On The Road To Mandalay.xml
By the old Moulmein Pagoda lookin' eastward to the sea, There's a Burma girl asettin'; an' I know she thinks o' me; For the wind is in the palmtrees, an' the temple bells they say; "Come you back, you British soldier; come you back to Mandalay, come you back to Mandalay!" Come you back to Mandalay, Where the old Flotilla lay; Can't you 'ear their paddles chunkin' from Rangoon to Mandalay? On the road to Mandalay, Where the flyin' fishes play, An' the dawn comes up like thunder out of China 'crost the bay. 'Er petticoat was yaller, an' 'er little cao was green, An' 'er name was Supiyawlat jes' the same as Theebaw's Queen, An' I seed her first asmokin' of a whackin' white cheroot, An' awastin' Christian kisses on an 'eathen idol's foot, on an 'eathen idol's foot; Bloomin' idol made o' mud What they called the great Gawd Budd Plucky lot she cares for idols when I kissed her where she stood! On the road to Mandalay, Where the flyin' fishes play, An' the dawn comes up like thunder out of China 'crost the bay.
Paul Simon - Homeward Bound.xml
I'm sitting in the railway station got a ticket for my destination Mmm and on a tour of one night stands my suitcase and guitar in hand and evry stop is neatly planned for a poet and a one man band Homeward bound I wish I was homeward bound Home where my thoughts escaping home where my musics playing home where my love lies waiting silently for me. To Evry days an endless stream of cigarettes and magazines but each town looks the same to me the movies and the factories and evry strangers face I see reminds me that I long to be silently for me.
Jack White - Seven Nation Army.xml
I'm gonna Don't wanna fight them off A seven nation army couldn't hold me back. They gonna rip it off Taking their time right behind my back. Yeah and I'm talking to myself at night because I can't forget Back and forth within my mind behind a cigarette And a message coming from my eyes says leave it alone
Tony Renis 1962, Italian: Alberto Testa;  English:  Ervin Drake 1962 - Quando, Quando, Quando (Tell Me When).xml.1
Tell me when will you be mine, tell me quando, quando, quando. We can share a love divine, please don't make me wait again. When will you say "yes" to me. tell me quando, quando, quando. You mean happiness to me. Oh, my love, please tell me when? Ev'ry moments a day. Ev'ry day seems a lifetime. Let me show you the way to a joy beyond compare. I can't wait a moment more, tell me quando, quando, quando, say it's me that you adore, and then darling tell me when. Tell me when.
J. Fred Coots, Haven Gillespie - You Go To My Head.xml
You go to my head and you lingger like a haunting refrain, and I find you spinning 'round in my brain, like the bubbles in a glass of champagne. You go to my head like a sip of sparkling Burgundy brew, and I find the very mention of you like the kicker in a julep or two. The thrill of the thought that you might give a thought to my plea casts a spell over me. Still I say to myself "Get a hold of yourself, can't you see that it never can be." You go to my head, with a smile that makes my temp'ra ture rise, like a summer with a thousand Julys, you intoxicate my soul with your eyes. Though I'm certain that this heart of mine hasn't a ghost of a chance in this crazy romance, you go to my head You go to my head.
Traditional Irish Folk Song - Molly Malone.xml
In Dub lin's fair city, where girls are so pretty, I first set my eyes on sweet Molly Malone. As she pushed her wheelbarrow thru streets broad and narrow singing, "Cockles! and Mussels, alive, alive oh!" Alive, alive oh, alive, alive oh, singing "Cockles and Mussels alive alive oh!"  She  was a fish monger, but sure 'twas no wonder, for so were her father and mother before. And they each whheeled their barrow thru streets broad and narrow singing "Cockles and Mussels alive, alive oh!" oh!"  died of a fever, and no one could save her, and that was the end of sweet Molly Malone. But her ghost wheels her barrow thru streets broad and narrow singing "Cockles and Mussels alive, alive oh!"
Ross Parker - Monday Tuesday Wednesday.xml
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday I love you. January, February into March and April same way too May, June, or July I never let a day go by Without a kiss for you to remember, just in case you go away in August or September. In October and November, Not to mention cold December, I love you. Though another year has gone I'm ready for the next one too. ev'ry single second ev 'ry min ute, ev 'ry hour the whole year through. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday Saturday, Sunday, I love you.
James Kendis, Lou Klein - If I Had My Way.xml
If I Had My Way, dear, for ever there'd be a garden of roses for you and for me. A thousand and one things, dear, I would do, just for you, Just for you, only you. If I had my way, we would never grow old, And sunshine I'd bring evry day. You would reign all alone like a queen on a throne, if I had my way.
Allan Jeffrey, Claire Rothrock, Milton Yakus - Old Cape Cod.xml
If you're fond of sand dunes and salty air. Quaint little vilages here and there. You're sure to fall in love with Old Cape Cod. If you like the taste of a lobster stew. Served by a window with an ocean view. You're sure to fall in love with Old Cape Cod. Winding roads that seem to beck on you. Miles of green beneath a sky of blue. Chruch bells chiming on a Sunday morn Remind you of the town where you were born. If you spend an ev'nig you'll want to stay Watching the moonlight on Cape Cod Bay You're sure to fall in love with Old Cape Cod.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - Lulu's back in town.xml
Gotta get my old tuxedo pressed. Gotta sew a button on my vest. 'Cause tonight i"ve got to look my best. Lulu's back in town. Gotta get a half a buck somewhere. Gotta shine my shoes and slick my hair. Gotta get myself a boutonaire. Lulu's back in town. You can tell all my pets. All my blondes and brunettes Mister Otis regrets that he won't be around. Better tell the mail man not to call. I ain't coming back until the fall. And I may not come back home at all. Lulu's back in town.
Bob Marley - Three Little Birds.xml
Don't worry a bout a thing 'cause ev'ry lit– tle thing's gon–na be alright.– Sing–in don't wor– ry about a thing 'cause ev'ry lit– tle thing's gon–na be alright.– Rise up this morn–in', smilewith the Rising sun Threelit–tle birdspitched by my doorstep. Singin' sweet songs, of melodies pure and true, sayin' "This is my mes sage to you, whoo, hoo." Singin', don't
Neil Diamond - Cracklin' Rosie.xml
Cracklin' Rosie get on board we're gonna ride till there aint no more to go Takin' it slow And Lord dont you know I'll have me a time with a poor man's lady! tune Oh, I love my Rosie child you got the way to make me happy you and me we go in style Cracklin' Rose you're a storeboughtwoman but you make me feel like a guitar hummin' so hang on to me girl, our song keeps runnin' on play it now play it now play it now my baby Cracklin' Rosie make me smile and girl, if it lasts for an hour that's all right we got all night to set the world right Oh I love my Rosie child You got the way to make me happy.
Abner Silver, Benny Davis - With These Hands.xml
With these hands I will cling to you I'm yours forever and a day with these hands I will bring to you a tender love as warm as May with this heart I will sing to you long after stars have lost their glow and with these hands I'll provide for you should there be a stormy sea, I'll turn the tide for you and I'll never no I'll never let you go
Hoagy Carmichael, Mitchell Parish - The White World Of Winter.xml
In this wonderful white world of winter, darling, we'll have a wonderful time First, we'll ride side by side thru the hinter and rondelay to hear sleighbell's merrie chime. Then we'll ski fancy free down the mountains, and take these chances all silly people do. If there's ever a moment you are freezin' just a little squeezin' could be mighty pleasin'. In this wonderful white world of winter I'm fallin' head over heels over you. In this you.
Jean Thielemans, Normal Gimbel - Bluesette.xml
Poor little, sad little blue Bluessette, Don't you cry, don't you fret. You can bet one lucky day you'll waken and your blues will be foresaken. One lucky day lucky love will come your way Long as there's love in your heart to share, dear Bluessette, don't dispair. Some blue boy is longing just like you to find a someone to be true to. Two loving arms he can nestle in sand stay. Get set Bluessette, true love is coming. Your troubled heart soon will be humming. Hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum hum dooya, dooya, dooya dooya dooya dooya doooo oo oo oo Bluessette. Pretty little Bluessette, Mustn't be a mourner. Have you heard the news yet? Love is 'round the corner. Love wrapped in rainbows and tied with pink ribbon to make your next spring time hour gold wedding ring time So dry your eyes dontcha pout, don'tcha fret goody good times re coming Bluessette. Long as there's love in your heart to share dear Bluessette don't despair. Some blue boy is longing just like you to find a some one to be true to one lucky day lovely love will come your way. That magic day may just be today.
John Henry Hopkins - We Three Kings of Orient Are.xml
We three kings of Orient are bearing gifts we traverse afar Field and fountain moor and mountain Following youder star O Star of wonder star of night star with royal beauty bright Westward leading still proceeding guide us to Thy perrect light
Pablo Beltran Ruiz, Norman Gimbel - Sway .xml
When marimba rhythms start to play, dance with me, make me sway. Like a lazy ocean hugs the shore, hold me close, sway me more. Like a flower bending in the breeze, bend with me, sway with ease; when we dance you have a way with me stay with me, sway with me. All the dancers may be on the floor, dear, but my eyes will see only you, only you have that magic technique: When we sway I go week! I can hear the sound of violins long before it begins Make me thrill as only you know how, sway me smooth, sway me now. All the dancers may be on the floor, dear, but my eyes will see only you, only magic technique: When we sway I go week! I can hear the sound of violins long before it begins Make me thrill as only you know how, sway me smooth, sway me now. When marimba rhythms start to play, dance with me, make me sway, like a lazy ocean hugs the shore hold me close, sway me more.
Dave Guard - Scotch and Soda.xml
Scotch and soda, mud in your eye, Babby do I feel high. Oh me, Oh my! Do I feel high. Dry martin i jigger of gin, Oh what a spell you've got me in, Oh my! Do I feel
Gus Arnheim, Harry Tobias, Jules Lemare - Sweet And Lovely.xml
Sweet an lovely, Sweeter than the roses in may, Sweet and lovely Heaven mustt have sent her my way. Skies above me never were as blue as her eyes, And she loves me, who would want a sweeter surprise? When she nestles in my arms s tenderly there's a thrill that words cannot express. In my heart a song of love is taunting me Melo dy, haunting me Sweet and lovely Sweeter than the roses in May, And she loves me, There is nothing more I can say
Thomas A. Dorsey - (There'll be)  Peace in the Valley.xml
I am tired and weary but I must toil on till the Lord comes to call me away where the morn ing is bright and the Lamb is the light and the night is as fair as the day flow'rs will be blooming the grass will be green and the skies will be clear and serene the sun ever shines giving one endless beam and no clouds there will ever be seen there'll be peace in the valley for me someday there'll be peace in the valley for me I pray no more sorrow and sadness or trouble will be there'll be peace in the valley for me
John Lenon & Paul McCarthy, 1964 - And I Love Her.xml
I give her all my love, that's all I do and if you saw my love you"d love her I love her She gives me ev ery thing and ten der ly the kiss my lov er brings she brings to me and I love her A love like ours Could never die as long as I have you near me bright are the stars that shine dark is the sky I know this love of mine will never die and I love her. I give her all my love, that's all I do and if you saw my love you"d love her I love her She gives me ev ery thing and ten der ly the kiss my lov er brings she brings to me and I love her A love like ours Could never die as long as I have you near me bright are the stars that shine dark is the sky I know this love of mine will never die and I love her.
Morrissey - Such a Little Thing Makes Such a Big Difference.xml
Such a litt tle thing such a lit tle thing but the diff' rence it made was grave there you go wield ing a bi cy cle chain oh, why won't you change change and be nic er Such a lit tle thing a gen tle tone of kind ness or writ ten word on pa per can you write? How I love all of the ver y sim ple things in life (God's good air) How I love all of the ver y sim ple things of life Such a lit tle thing a fum bling po lite ness OH the dif frence saved me wield ing a bi cy cle chain oh, why won't you change I will not change I will not be nice MOST PEO PLE KEEP THEIR BRAINS BE TWEEN THEIR LEGS Leave me a lone I was on ly sing ing Leave me a lone be cause I was ON LY SING ING Leave me a lone I was on ly sing ing Leave me a lone be cause you've proved a gain MOST PEO PLE KEEP THEIR BRAINS BE TWEEN THEIR LEGS
W. Benton Overstreet, Billy Higgins - There'll Be Some Changes Made.xml
For there's a change in the weather there's a change in the sea, so from now on there'll be a change in me, My walk will be diffrent my talk and my name, Nothin' about me is goin' to be the same. I'm goin' to change my way of livin' if that ain't enough, then I'l change the way that I strut my stuff, 'cause nobody wants you when you're old and gray. There'll be some changes made today. There'll be some changes made. For there's a made.
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - We're In The Money.xml
We're in the money. We're in the money. We've got a lot of what it takes to get along. We're in the money. The skies are sunny. Old man depression you are through, you done us wrong. We never see a breadline in the headline today. And when we see the landlord, we can look that guy right in the eye. We're in the money. Come on my honey. Let's spend it, lend it, send it rolling away.
Mitchell Parish & John Delettre - Hands Across The Table.xml
Hands Across The Table while the lights are low, tho' you hush your lips, your finger tips tell me all I want to know. Hands across the table, meet so tenderly, and they say, in their little way, that you belong to me.
Joe Solomon, Larry Conley - Let's Have An Old Fashioned Christmas.xml
Let's have an old fashioned Christmas; dress up and old fashioned tree. Let's make the spirit of Auld Lang Syne the same as it used to be. Hearts will be light as a feather after some old fashioned cheer. So let's all be good fellows together; let's have an old fashioned Christmas this year. year.
Anita Kerr - A House Is Not A Home.xml
A chair is not a chair. Even when there's no one sitting there. But a chair is not a house, and a house is not a home, when there's no one there to hold you tight, and no one there you can kiss goodnight. A room is still a room even when there's nothing there but gloom. But a room is not a house and a house is not a home when the two of us start fall apart, and one of us has a broken heart. and suddenly your face appears. But it's just a crazy game, when it ends, it ends in tears. Darling, have a heart, don't let one mistake keep us apart. I'm not meant to live alone, turn this house into a home, when I climb the stairs, and turn the key... Oh, please, be there, still in love with me.
Horace Silver - Strollin'.xml
I saw her strollin' down the promenade. I took one look and I said "Oh, my God." Please help me to win her. She's all that I need. Dear Lord above me please help me succeed. She turned and smiled at me to my surprise. I later found out she had great big eyes. It all goes to prove that your dream can come true, don't you see. I'm just as happy as I can be. She's strollin allong with me. be. Sweetie, and me, baby makes three, strollin'.
Henry Mancini, Will Jennings - Anywhere the Heart Goes.xml
You know I will follow any where the heart goes. I will go until I've known all life can be. Love can hurt when you go anywhere the heart goes. Don't you know it isn't easy being me? I hold you inside where my love never died, and you will always live somewhere in me. If you want to follow any where the heart goes I will be here when you want me, any way you want me. And good years, bad years would all fall away if I know that your heart would follow my heart someday.
Carson Parks - Cab Driver.xml
Cab driver drive by Mary's place, I just want a chance to see her face; don't stop the meter let it race,  Cab driver, drive by mary's place. Cab driver, once more 'round the block, never mind the ticking of the clock; I only wish we could have a talk, Cabdriver once more 'round the clock.  Cab
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Buttons And Bows.xml
East is east and west is west and the wrong one I have chose, Let's go where you'll keep on wearin those frills and flowers and buttons and bows rings and things and buttons and bows. don"t bury me in this prairie take me where the cement grows let's move down to some big town where they love a gal by the cut of her clothes and you'll stand out in buttons and bows. I'll love you in buckskin or skirts that you;ve home spun, but I'll love ya longer stronger where your friends dont tote a gun My bones denounce the buckboard bounce and the Cactus hurts my toes Let's vmoose where gals keep us in those silks and satins and linen that shows and you're all mine in buttons and bows. Gimme eastern trimmin where women are women in high silk hose and peekaboo clothes and French perfume that rocks the room and you're all mine in buttons and bows.
Unknown - Just A Closer Walk With Thee.xml
I am weak but Thou art strong Jesus keep me from all wrong I'll be satisfied as long As I walk, let me walk, close to Thee Just a closer walk with Thee Jesus grant my humble plea! Daily walking close to Thee Let it be, Dear Lord let it be
Michel Legrand, (English Lyrics: Norman Gimbel) - Watch What Happens (Real Book Version).xml
Let someone start believing in you, Let him hold out his hand, Let him touch you and watch what happens. One someone who can look in your eyes, And see into your heart, Let him find you and watch what happens. Cold No I won't believe your heart is cold. maybe just afraid to be broken again. Let someone with a deep love to give, Give that deep love to you, Let him find you and see. Let someone give his heart, Someone who cares like me. me.
Tom Paxton - My Ramblin' Boy.xml
He was a man and a friend always. He stuck with me in the hard ol' days. He never cared if I had no dough. We rambled around in the rain and snow. And here's to you my ramblin' boy, May all your ramblin' bring you joy. Here's to you my ramblin boy, May all your ramlin' bring you joy
Jerome Kern - All the Things You Are.xml
You are the promised kiss of springtime that makes the lonely winter seem long. You are the breathless hush of evening that trembles on the brink of a lovely song. You are the angel glow that lights a star, The dearest things I know are what you are. Some day my happy arms will hold you, And some day I'll know that moment divine, When all the things you are are mine.
Jessie Mae Robinson - I Went To Your Wedding.xml
I went to your wedding altho I was dreading the thought of losing you the organ was playing my poor heart kept saying your dreams your dreams are thru you came down the aisle wearing a smile a vision of loveliness I uttered a sigh whispered goodbye goodbye to my happi ness your mother was crying your father was cryin and I was cryin too the teardrops were falling because we were losing you you
Sammy Timberg, Winston Sharples, Al.J.Steinberg - It's A Hap-Hap- Happy Day.xml
I'ts a HapHap Happy Day Toodle oodle, oodle, oodle, oodle, ay For you and me, for us and we, all the clouds have roll'd away. It's a haphaphappy day Toodle, oodle, oodle, oodle, oodle, ay. The sunshine's bright and the world's all right, It's a haphaphappy day. Four and twenty sunbeams are daning 'round my face. Four score and twenty more are dancing ev'ry place. It's a haphaphappy day, Toodle oodle, oodle, oodle, oodleay You can't go wrong if you sing a song, It's a HapHapHappy HapHapHappy Day.
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - How To Handle A Woman.xml
How to handle a woman There's a way, said a wise old man, A way known by ev'ry woman since the whole rigmarole began. "Do I flatter her?" I begged him answer. "Do I threaten or cajole or plead? Do I brood or play the gay romancer?" Said he, smiling, "No, indeed." How to handle a woman Mark me well, I will tell you, sir. "The way to handle a woman is to love her, Simply love her, Merely love her, love her, love her!" love her!"
Don Wayne - Country Bumpkin.xml
He walked into the bar and placed his landy frame up on a tall barstool and with a long, soft southern drawn said "I'll just have a glass of anything thats cool. A barroom girl with wise and knowing eyes slowly looked him up and down and she thought I wonder how on earth that country bumpkin found his way to town and she said hello country bumpkin hows the frost out on the pumpkins? I've seen some sights but man your something where'd you come from country bumpkin It was
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - All The Things You Are.xml
Time and again I've longed for adventure, something to make my heart beat the faster. What did I long for? I never really knew. Finding your love, I've found my adventure, touching your hand, my heart beats the faster. All that I want in all of this world is you. You are the promised kiss of springtime that makes the lonely winter seem long. You are the breathless hush of evening that trembles on the brink of a lovely song. You are the angel glow that lights a star, The dearest things I know are what you are. Some day my happy arms will hold you, And some day I'll know that moment divine, When all the things you are are mine.
Jack Sigler Jr. - Love (Can Make You Happy).xml
Wake up in the morning with the sunshine in your eyes and the smell of flowers blooming in the air your mind is filled with the thoughts of a certain someone that you love and your life is filled with joy when she is there Love can make you happy if you find some one who cares to give a lifetime to you and who has a lot to share love love love love love can make you happy love can make you happy.
Earl Shuman, Alden Shuman, Marshall Brown - Seven Lonely Days.xml
Seven lonely days make one lonely week seven lonely nights make one lonely me Ever since the time you told me we were through seven lonely days I cried and cried for you Oh my darling you're crying Boo hoo, hoo, hoo there's no use in deI cried for you It was your favorite pastine Making me blue last week was the last time I cried for you I cried for you.
Peter Alonzo, Vinny Catalno - Coney Island Baby.xml
You're my Coney Island baby,  You mean so much to me. You're my pretty little lady, I love you tenderly. You're my  lucky star, that's what you are. You're my Coney Island baby, you're so precious so sweet. Since the day I met you my life has been complete. You're my everything, soon you'll wear my ring you're my girl Just the two of us here on a blnket of love hidding a letter in the sand. As long as there's sand and as long as there's the sea you'll be my Coney Island baaby. Oh you're my Coney Island baby don't ever let me down. You're my pretty little lady seems like I'm wearing a crown. Don't everr leave me, don't ever go. You're my Coney Island baby I love you I love you so. You're my Coney Island baby I want you I want you to know you're my girrl
Les Reed and Barry Mason - The Last Waltz.xml
..I wonder should I go or should I stay The band had only one more song to play And Then I saw you out the corner of my eye A little girl alone and so shy I had the last waltz with you Two lonely people together I fell in love with you The last waltz should last for ever ... Thought the love we had was goin' strong Through the good and bad we get along And Then the flame of love died in youreyes My heart was broke in two when you said :goodbye" ever It's all over now nothing left to say Just my tears and the orchestra playing La la la la la la la la la Lala la la la la la la la I had the ever La la la la la la la la la.
Roy Ingraham, Harry Tobias - No Regrets.xml
No regrets altho' our love affair has gone astray no regrets I know I'll always care tho' you're away; Somehow our happy romance ended suddenly, still in my heart you'll be forever mine. Noregrets because somebody new looks good to you, no regrets Sweetheart no matter what you say or do I know our love will linger When the other love forgets. So I say "goodbye" with no regrets.
Danny O'Keefe - Goodtime Charlie's Got The Blues (Transcribed).xml
Ev'rybody's gone away, said they're movin' to L. A.... There's not a soul I know around, ev'ry body's leavin' town. Some caught a freight, some caught a plane. Find the sunshine, leave the rain... They said this town 'll waste your time, I guess they're right it's wastin' mine. Some gotta win, some gotta lose... Goodtime Charlie's got the blues, Goodtime Charlie's got the blues. Ya' know my heart keeps tellin' me you're not a kid at thirty three... You play around you'll lose your wife, you play too long you'll lose your life. I got my pills to ease the pain, can't find a thing to ease the rain... I'd love to try and settle down but ev'ry body's leavin' town. Some gotta win some gotta lose... Goodtime Charlie's got the blues. Goodtime Charlie's got the blues. Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
B52's - SUMMER OF LOVE.xml
I've been wait in' for the man Just buzz in' ar ound Down town Wait in' for that ve ry SPE CIAL Comes in to see what I've got Or ange pop sic les and lem on ade Its the SUM MER OF LOVE, LOVE, LOVE I'm in love with the LOVE, LOVE, LOVE for ev' ry one tran scends YOU I'm think ing of you "BOY!" Love en er gy IS giv ing us a shove mak in' this the SUM MER OF L O V E I see I see no clouds a head! I'm stand in' in the rain Just feel in' the nit ty grit ty of the whole thang Ev' ry thing is ve ry SPEC IAL Look in and see waht I've got
Maceo Pinkard, William Tracy, Doris Tauber - Them There Eyes.xml
I fell in love with you first time I looked into them there eyes You've got a certain lil' cute way of flirtin' with them there eyes they make me feel happy they make me blue No stallin' I'm fallin' going in a big way for sweet little you My heart is jumpin' you sure started something with them there eyes You'd better watch them if you're wise they sparkle they bubble they're gonna get you in a whole lot of trouble You're over workin' 'em There's danger lurkin in them there eyes.
Tom Paxton - The Marvelous Toy.xml
When I was just a wee little lad, Full of health and joy, My father homeward came one night and gave to me a toy. A wonder to behold it was, With many colors bright, And the moment I laid eyes on it, It became my heart's delight. It went zip when it moved and pop when it stopped, and whirrrr when it stood still. I never knew just what it was and I guess I never will.
Marr, Morrissey - SHEILA TAKE A BOW.xml
Is it wrong to want to live on your own No its not wrong but I must know How can some one so young sing words so sad SHEI LA TAKE A Shei la take a bow Boot the grime of this world in the crotch dear and don't go home to nite Come out and find the one that you love and who loves you the one that you love and who love Y ou Is it wrong not to al ways be glad MUST ADD Take my hand and off we stride la la la la la la la la la You're a girl and I'm a boy la la la la la la la la la la la la la la Take my hand I'm a girl and you're a boy SHEI LA take a Shei la take a bow la la la la la la la la Throw your home work on to the fire Come out and find the one that you love Come out and find the one you love
Harold Weeks, Oliver Wallace - Hindustan.xml
Hindustan, where we stopped to rest our tired caravan. Hindustan where the painted peacock proudly spread his fan. Hindustan where the purple sun bird flashed across the sand. Hindustan where I met her and the world began.
Vincent Youmans, Edward Eliscu, William Rose - Great Day.xml
When you're down and out Lift up your head and shout "There's gonna be a great day." Angels in the sky Promise that bye and bye There's gonna be a great day.
Rube Bloom, Johnny Mercer - Day in, Day out.xml
Day in day out the same old hoodoo follows me about that same old pounding in my heart whenever I think of you and darling I think of you day in and day out day out day in I neednt tell you how my days begin when I awake I awaken with a tingle One possibility in view the possbility of maybe seeing you come rain come shine I meet you and to me the day is fine then I kiss your lips and the pounding becomes the oceans roar a thousand drums can't you see it's love can there by any doubt when there it is day in day out?
James Cavanaugh, Larry Stock, Russ Morgan - You're Nobody 'Till Somebody Loves You.xml
y to You're nobody 'till somebody loves you, you're nobody 'till somebody cares. You may be king, you may possess the world and it's gold, but gold wont bring you happiness when you're growing old. The world still is the same, you'll never change it, as sure as the stars up above. You're nobody 'till somebody loves you, so find yourself somebody to love. You're love.
Louis Silvers, B.G.De Sylva - April Showers.xml
Life is not a highway strewn with flowers Still it holds a goodly share of bliss When the sun gives way to April showers Heres the point that you should never miss Though April showers may come your way they bring the flowers that bloom in May so if its raining have no regrets because it isnt raining rain you know (Its raining violets, and where you see clouds upon the hills you soon will see crowds of daffodils so keep on looking for a bluebird and listning for his song whenever April showers come along Though April long
Norman Petty, Buddy Holly, Jerry Allison, Joe Mauldin - Well All Right.xml
WELL ALL RIGHT so I'm Being foolish, Well all right let people know About the dreams and wishes you wish in the night when lights are low Well all right, Well all right, Oh, we'll live and love with all our might. Well all right, Well all right, Our life time love will be all right, Well all right so I'm goin' steady It's all right when people say, That those foolish kids can't be ready for the love that comes their way.be all right.
Bryan Wells, Ronald N. Miller - Someday at Christmas.xml
Someday at Christmas men won't be boys playing with bombs like kids play with toys One warm December our hearts will see a world where men are
Dewayne Blackwell - Mr. Blue (Transcribed).xml
Our guardian star lost all his glow the day that I lost you. He lost all his glitter the day you said "No" and his silver turned to blue. Like him I am doubtful that your love is true. But if you decide to call on me, ask for Mister Blue. I'm Mister Blue (wahawahooh) when you say you love me. Then prove it by goin' out on the sly provin' you're love isn't true. Call me Mister Blue. I'm Mister Blue (wahawahooh) when you say you're sorry. Then turn around headed for the lights of town, hurtin' me through and through. Call me Mister Blue. I stay at home at night, right by the phone at night but you won't call and I won't hurt my pride. I won't tell you (wahawahooh) while you paint the town a bright red to turn it upside down. I'm painting it too but I'm painting it blue. Call me Mister Blue. Call me Mister Blue. Call me Mister Blue.
Joel Newman, Paul Campbell - Kisses Sweeter Than Wine.xml
When I was a young man and never been kissed I got to thinkin' over what I had missed. I got me a girl I kissed her and then Oh, Lord, I kissed her again. Oh Kisses sweetter than wine. Oh, kisses sweetter than wine He, asked me to marry and be his sweet wife and we would be so happy all of our life. He begged and he pleaded like  a natural man and then Oh, Lord, I gave him my hand. wine.
John Lennon & Paul McCartney - When I'm Sixty Four.xml
When I get older losing my hair many years from now, will you still be sending me a valentine, birthday greetings, bottle of wine? If I'd been out till quarter to three, would you lock the door? Will you still need me, will you still feed me, when I'm sixty four? TacetYou'llbeolder too. And if you say the word, I could stay with you. Send me a postcard drop me a line stating point of view. Indicate precisely what you mean to say, Yours sincerely wasting away. Give me your answer, fill in a form, mine for ever more. Will you still need me, will you still feed me, When I'm Sixty Four?
Allie Wrubel, Herb Magidson - Music, Maestro, Please.xml
A table near the band A small one A cigarette, a drink Yes a tall one And waiter I could use A chaser for my blues. Tonight I mustnt think of her Music maestro please Tonight Tonight I must forget How much I need her So Mister Leader Play your lilting melodies Ragtime jazztime swing any old thing To help me ease the pain that solitude can bring She used to like waltzes So please don't play a waltz She danced divinely And I loved her so But there I go Tonight I mustnt think of her No more memories Swing out Tonight I must forget Music Maestro please
Ben E. King, Jerry Leiber, Kisean Anderson, Mike Stoller - Beautiful Girls.xml
You're way too beautiful girl, That's why it will never work, You have me suicidal, suicidal, When you say it's over, Damm all these beauti ful girls, They only wanna do your dirt, They'll have you suicidal, suicidal, When they say it's over. See it started at the park, Used to chill at the dark, Oh when you took my heart, That's when we fell apart, 'Cause we both thought That love lasts for ever, They say we're too young, To get ourselves sprung, Oh we didn't care, we made it very clear, And they also said, That we couldn't last together. See it's verydefine, girl One of a kind but you mush up my mind, You walk to get declined, Oh Lord, My baby is driving me crazy.
Cy Coben, Mel Foree - Nobody's Child.xml
As I was slowly passing an orphans home one day And stopped there for a moment just to watch the children play alone a boy was standing and when I asked him why he turned with eyes that could not see and he began to cry I"m nobodys child I'm no bodys child just like a flower just growing wild no mammys kisses and no daddys smile nobody loves me I'm nobodys child.
Johnny Mercer and Sadie Vimmerstedt - I Wanna Be Around.xml
I wanna be around to pick up the pieces when somebody breaks your heart, Somebody twice as smart as I, A somebody who will swear to be true like you used to do with me, Who'll leave you to learn that mis'ry loves company, wait and see! I wanna be around to see how he does it when he breaks your heart to bits, Let's see if the puzzle fits so fine, And that's when I'll discover that revenge is sweet, As I sit there applauding from a front row seat. When somebody breaks your heart like you broke mine.
Leslie Bricusse - When I Look In Your Eyes.xml
When I look in your eyes, I see the wisdom of the world in your eyes, I see the sadness of a thousand goodbyes, When I look in your eyes. And it is no surprise to see the softness of the moon in your eyes, the gentle sparkle of the stars in the skies, When I look in your eyes. In your eyes I see the deepness of the sea, I see the deepness of the love, The love I feel you felt for me. Autumn comes, summer dies, I see the passing of the years in your eyes, And when we part there'll be no tears, no goodbyes, I'll just look into your eyes. Those eyes, so wise, so warm, so real, How I love the world your eyes reveal.
Irmgard F. Aluli - The Hawaiian Love call.xml
Listen to my call my kuu ipo answer me tenderly oh so tenerly listen to my heart my kuuipo with an aloha that is pre cious sweet my dearest one its you I want my precious one sweet voice of love listento my call my kuuipo then answer tenderly that you'll be mine listen to my mine.
Jack King, Dorothy Parker - How Am I To Know.xml
Oh, how am I to know? if it's really love that found it's way here. Oh, how am I to know? will it linger on and leave me then. I dare not guess at this strange happiness. Oh, how am I to know? can it be that love has come to stay here.
Rube Bloom, Ted Koehler - Don't Worry 'Bout Me.xml
Don't worry 'bout me, I'll get along, forget about me, Be happy my love. Let's say that our little show  is over and so the story ends, Why not call it a day the sensible way, and still be friends. "Look out for yourself" should be a rule, Give your heart and your love to whoever you love, Don't be a fool. Darling, why shoud you cling to some fading thing that used to be? If you can forget, Don't worry 'bout me. Don't me.
Leo Robin, Ralph Rainger - Do I Love You?.xml
Do I love you? Does the grass grow? Does the wind blow? Does a stream flow? Well, if they do and you know they do, Then I love you. Is my love true? Is a star bright? Is a day light? Is the snow white? Well, if they are and you nknow they are, My love is true. But even if the grass didn't grow, And even if a star didn't shine, I wouldn't mind the rain or the snow If you were mine. Do I need you? Does a flame burn? Does the world turn? Does my heart yearn? Well, if they do and you know they do, Then I need you.
Joel Hemphill 1984 - Master of the Wind.xml.1
my boar of life sails on a trou bled sea when ev er there's a wind in my my sail but I have a friend who watch es o ver me when the breeze turns into a gail I know the mas ter of the wind I know the mak er of the rain He can calm the storm make the sun shine a gain I know the mas ter of the wind Some times I soar like an ea gle to the sky am mong the peaks my soul can be found an un ex pect ed storm may drive me from the heights bring me low but ne'er brings me down I know the mas ter of the wind I know the mak er of the rain He can calm the storm make the sun shine a gain I know the mas ter of the wind
Ande Rand, Buck Ram - Only You.xml.1
Only You can make this world seem right Only You can make the darkness bright. Only You, and you alone Can thrill me like you do And fill my heart with love for Only You. Only You can make this change in me For it's true, You are my destiny When you hold my hand I understand the magic that you do. You're my dream come true, My one and Only You. You.
Z. Elman, Johnny Mercer - And The Angels Sing.xml
We meet, and the Angels sing. The Angels sing the sweetest song I ever heard. You speak, And the Angels sing, or am I breathing music into ev'ry word. Suddenly the setting is strange, I can see water and moonlight beaming, silver waves that break on some undiscovered shore; then suddenly I see it all change, long winter nights with the candles gleaming, thru it all your face that I adore. You smile And the Angels sing. And tho' it's just a gentle murmur at the start, We kiss, And the Angels sing, And leave theeir music ringing in my heart. We heart.
Johnny Green, E.Y. Harburg - I'm Yours.xml
Ever since we parted with the love we started with. I just can't erase you from my mind. Really it's regretable you're nonforgettable. Evry place I go your face I find. What would night time be with evry star away. What is life to me when you are far away? Ask the sky above and ask the earth below, why I'm so in love and why I love you so. Couldn't tell you though I try, dear, just why, dear, I'm yours. When you went away you left a glowing spark. Trying to be gay is whistlng in the dark. I am only what you make me. Come take me, I'm
Ivor Raymonde, Marcel Stellman, Richard Dix - How Near Is Love.xml
They tell me how far that you fly to the moon and name all the stars that shine above.On Venus and Mars we will be very soon, oh but I want to know, how near islove.When you're close to me I could touch the sky, at times I can see heaven in your eyes.You don't know the pain ofloving in vain so please tell me now how near is love. They so please tell me now, how near is love.
Cole Porter - I Love You.xml
I love you hums the april breeze I love you echo the hills. I love you the golden dawn agrees as once more she sees daffodils. It's spring again and birds are awing again start to sing again the old melodies: I love you that's the song of songs, and it all belongs to you and me. I me. And it all belongs to you and me.
Carl G. Glazer, Charles Wesley - O for a Thousand Tongues.xml
O    worship the King, all glorious above, And gratefully sing His wonder ful love. Our shield and Defender, the Ancient of Days, Pa vilioned in splendor and girded with praise.
Paul Anka - Lonely Boy (Transcribed).xml
I'm just a lonely boy, lonely and blue. I'm all alone with nothing to do. I've got evrything you could think of but all I want is someone to love. Someone, yes someone to love, someone to kiss, someone to hold at a momment like this. I'd like to hear somebody say "I'll give you my love each night and day". I'm just a lonely boy, lonely and blue. I'm all alone with nothing to do. I've got evrything you can think of but all I want is someone to love. Somebody, somebody, somebody please send her to me. I'll make her happy just wait and see. I prayed so hard to the heavens above that I might find someone to love. I'm just a lonely boy, lonely and blue. I'm all alone with nothing to do. I've got evry thing you could thing of but all I want is someone to love.
alec wilder - I'll Be Around.xml
I'll be around no matter how you treat me now, I'll be around from now on Your latest love can never last, and when it's past I'll be around when he's Goodbye again, and if you find a love like mine, just now and then drop a line to say you're feeling fine. And when things go wrong, perhaps you'll see you're meant for me, so, I'll be around when he's gone
John Openshaw, Leslie Cooke - Love Sends A Little Gift Of Roses.xml
Take thou my gift, my offering of roses, Cull'd from my garden, sweet with twilight dew; If just one flow'r upon your breast reposes Life shall for ever hold no rose but you. Love sends a little gift of roses, breathing a pray'r unto my posies, torn from my heart as twilight closes, asking this, only this. One heart to grow a little tender, two eyes to glow with lov's own splendour, two lips to give me sweet surrender, just a kiss, just a kiss.Take thou my gift, and be it joy or sorrow, Think ere my roses fade and fall apart; With each sweet bloom that you may scorn tomorrow, I send to you for joy or pain my heart.
Nathaniel Shilkret, L.Wolfe Gilbert - Jeannine I Dream Of Lilac Time.xml
Lilacs in bloom, rarest perfume Tells me that waiting is ended, Springtime is here, soon you'll be near, When all our heartaches are mended Close in my arm's fond embraces, Once more in happiest places; Jeannine, I dream of lilactime, Your eyes, they beam in lilactime, Your winning smile, and cheeks blushing like the rose, Yet all the while, you sigh when nobody knows, Jeannine my queen of lilac time, When I return, I'll make you mine, For you and I our lovedream can never die, Jeannine, I dream of lilac time.
Billy Joel - Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel).xml
Goodnight, my angel, time to close your eyes, and save these questions for another day. I think I know what you've been asking me. I think you know what I've been trying to say I promised I would never leave you, and you should always know wherever you may go, no matter where you are, I never will be far away Goodnight, my angel, now it's time to sleep, and still so many things I want to say, Remember all the songs you sang for me when we went sailing on an em'rald bay. And like a boat out on the ocean, I'm rocking you to sleep. The water's dark and deep inside this ancient heart part of me. Goodnight, my angel, now it's time to dream, and dream how wonderful your life will be. Someday your child may cry, and if you sing this lullabye, then in your heart there will always be a part of me. Someday we'll all be gone but lullabyes go on and on They never die, that's how you and I will be.
Shorty Allen, Dick Ware - The Rock and Roll Waltz.xml
One night I was late, came home from a date Slipped out of my shoes at the door Then from my front room I heard a jump tune I looked in and here's what I saw There in the night was a wonderful scene Mom was dancing with Dad to my record machine and while they danced only one thing was wrong they were trying to waltz to a rock and roll song One two and then rock One two and then roll they did the rock and roll waltz Rock two three roll two three It looked so cute to me I love the rock and roll waltz, one two and then rock, one two and then roll one two and then jump it's good for your soul It's old but its new lets do the rock and roll waltz waltz
Irving Berlin - Soft Lights And Sweet Music.xml
I can't resist the moan of a cello, I can't resist the light of the moon, So place me in a light that is mellow And let me hear a beautiful tune, The music must flow, The lights must be low. Soft lights and sweet music and you in my arms. Soft lights and sweet melody will bring you closer to me. Chopin and pale moonlight reveal all your charms. So give me velvet lights and sweet music and you in my arms. arms.
Charlie Barnet - Skyliner.xml
Skyliner, Skyliner, flying so freely; we seem to really touch heaven, higher, higher, ever higher, Sunbeams all dance on your wings, where the light falls, and then when night falls, stars dance above giving a show for the people below as we fly. As we fly so high, hearing each single beat of the motors repeat with a sigh, by and by. I'll hold her close, that's the sweet song they sing me. skyliner bring me home to love.
Bob Haymes, Alan Brandt - That's All.xml
I can only give you love that lasts forever, And the promise to be near each time you call; and the only heart I own, for you and you alone, that's all, that's all. I can only give you counttry walks in springtime, and a hand to hold when leaves begin to fall; and a love whose burning light, will warm the winter night, that's all, that's all. There are those I am sure who have told you they would give you the world for a toy. All I have are these arms to enfold you and a love time can never destroy; If you're wond'ring what I'm asking in return dear, you'll be glad to know that my demands are small: say it's me that you adore, for now and evermore, that's all, that's all.
Richard Rodney Bennett, Paul Francis Webster - Too Beautiful To Last (With Lyrics).xml
The days of Autumn splendor, Those moments warm and tender, Was it too beauti ful to last. The love we share together The dreams we dare together Was it too beauti ful to last. Walking hand in hand, the dawn discloses, we were dreaming of a land Where love reposes But castles made of sand, Like winter roses are fated to die, My darling, like you and I my dar ling, Where are those sweet Septembers, The joy my heart remembers, Lost in the shadows of the past. The rainbow arched above you Those sacred words "I love you," Why did that dream go by so fast. like you and I my dar ling, Where are those sweet Septembers The joy my heart remembers, Lost in the shadow of the past The rainbow arched above you, Those sacrec word "I love you," Why did that dream go by so fast. Was it too beauti ful, was it too beautiful to last.
Buck Ram, Buck Ram (English Lyrics) - The Great Pretender.xml
Oh, yes i'm the great pretender, pretendin' I'm doin' well. My need is such I pretend too much, i'm lonely but noone can tell. Oh, yes i'm the great pretendder, adrift in a world of my own. I play the game but but to my real shame, you've left me to dream all alone. Too real is is this feeling of make believe, too real when I feel what my heart can't conceal. Oh, yes i'm the great pretend der, just laughin' and gay, like a clown. I seem to be what i'm not, you see, i'm wearing my heart like a crown, pretending, that you're still aroun'. Oh, roun'.
Harry Ruby, Bert Kalmar - Thinking Of You.xml
Why is it I spend the day wake up and end the day thinking of you. Oh, why does it do this to me? Is it such bliss to be thinking of you? And when I fall asleep at night it seems, you just tiptoe into all my dreams. So I think of no other one Ev er since I've begun think ing of you.
Dawn Thomas, Gary McSpadden & Pam Thum 1989 - Hallelujah Praise the Lamb.xml
from the mo ment man first dis o beyed the Fa ther we were then held cap tive by our sins the law of God de mand ed a sac ri fice re stor ing to Him self His own a gain so the Lamb His on ly Son was free ly of fered a tone ment for our sins for ev er more He, in no cent and ho ly still God and God on ly could ran some and re deem ua back a gain Hal le lu jah praise the Lamb! Hal le lu jah prasie the Lamb! my heart sings His praise a gain Ha le lu jah praise the Lamb so to the cross they car ried Him with all our guilt and all our sin the Lamb of God was slain for our trans gres sions and on the cross those nail pierced hands reached up to God and down to man and just as if I'd nev er sinned He took me in His arms; em brac ing me He will ing ly for gave for mer cy grace and love that knows no bounds though guilt y and con demned I now am free for ev er I'm for giv en for Christ the Lord is ris en and risen with Him we shall one day be Hal le lu jah praise the Lamb Hal le lu jah praise the Lamb my heart sings His praise a gain hal le lu jah praise the lamb
Max Steiner, Kim Gannon - It Can't Be Wrong.xml
Wrong, would it be wrong to kiss, seeing I feel like this, would it be wrong to try? Wrong, would it be wrong to stay here in your arms this way, under this starry sky? If it is wrong, then why were you sent to me, why am I con tent to be with you forever? So when I need you so much, and I have waited so long. It must be right, it can't be wrong. wrong.
Jerry Wexler, Carole King, Gerry Goffin - A Natural Woman.xml
Lookin' out on the mornin' rain, I used to feel uninspired. And when I knew I had to face another day, Lord, it made me feel so tired. Before the day I met you, life was so unkind. You love was the key to my peace of mind, 'cause you make me feel, you make me feel, you make me feel like a natural woman. When my soul was in the lost and found, you came along to claim it. i didn't know just what was wrong with me, till your kiss helped me name it. Now I'm no longer doubtful of what I'm livin' for, 'cause if I make you happy I don't need to do more. Oh, baby, what you've done to me! (What you've done to me!) You make me feel so good inside. (Good inside). And I just want to be (want to be) close to you. You make me feel so live! You make me feel you make me feel You make me feel like a natural natural woman. You make me feel, You make me feel, You make me feel like a natural natural woman. You make me woman natural woman.
Rudolf  Friml, Brian Hooker - Only A Rose.xml
Only a rose I give you Only a song dying away, Only a smile To keep in memory Until we meet Another day. Only a rose To whisper Blushing as roses do. I'll bring along a smile or a song for anyone Only a rose for you.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Charles Hart, Don Black - Love Changes Everything.xml
Love, lovechanges everything :hands and faces, earth and sky. Love, love changes everything how you live and how you die. Love can make the summer fly or a night seem like a life time. Yes love, love changes everything now I tremble at your name nothing in the world will ever be the same. same. Off into the world we go; planning futues, shaping years. Love bursts in and suddenly all our wisdom disappears. Love makes fools of everyone, all the rules we make are broken. Yes love, love changes everyone; live or perish in its flame. Love will never never let you be the same. Love will never never let you be the same.
Sean Paul, Simple Plan - Summer Paradise.xml
My heart is sinking as I'm lifting up above the clouds away you from And I can't believe I'm leaving oh I don't knokno know what I'm gonna do But some day I wil find my way back to where your name is written in the sand Cause I remember every sunset I remember every word you said And we were never gonna say goodbye Say la ta ta ta ta ta Tell me how to get back to Back to summer paradise with you And I'll be there in a heart beat oh I'll be there in a heart beat oh Some day I will find my way back to where your name is written in the sand 'Cause I remember every sunset I remember every word you said And we were never gonna say goodbye Say la ta ta ta ta ta Tell me how to get back to back to summer paradise with you And I'll be there in a heart beat I remember where we first kissed And how I did not wanna leave your lips And how I've never ever felt so high Hight la ta ta ta ta ta So tell me how to get back to back to summer paradise with you And I'll be there in a heart beat oh I'll be there in a heart beat oh I'll be there in a heart beat
Michael Edwards, Bud Green - Once In A While.xml
Once in a while will you try to give one little thought to me? Though someone else may be nearer your heart Once in a while will you dream of the moments I shared with you? Moments before we two drifted a part. In love's smildering em,ber One Spark may remain if love still can remember, The spark may burn again. I know that I'll be contented with yesterday's memory, Knowing you think of me once in a while. while.
Carl Sigman, Bob Russell - Crazy He Calls Me.xml
I say I'll move the mountains, and I move the mountains, if he wants them out of the way. crazy he calls me, sure I'm crazy crazy in love, I'd say. I say I'll go thru fire and I'll go thru fire, as he wants it so it will be. Crazy he calls me, sure I'm crazy, crazy in love you see. Like the wind that shakes the bough He moves me with a smile. The difficult I'll do right now the impossible will take a little while. I say I'll care forever and I mean forever if I have to hold up the sky. Craz y he calls me, sure I'm crazy, crazy in love am I I
Vernon Duke, Ira Gershwin - I Can't Get Started.xml
I've flown around the world in a plane; I've settled revolutions in Spain; the North Pole I have charted, but can't get started with you. Around a golf course I'm under par, and all the movies want me to star; I've got a house, a showplace, but I get no place with you. You're so supreme, lyrics I write of you, scheme just for a sight of you, dream both day and night of you and what good does it do? In nineteen twentynine I sold short, in England I'm presented at court, but you've got me downhearted 'cause I Can't Get Started With You. I do a hundred yards. in ten flat; the Prince of Wales has copied my hat; with queens I've alacarted, but can't get started with you. The leading tailors follow my styles, and toothpaste ads all feature my smiles; the Astorbilts I visit, but say, what is it with you? When we first met, how you elated me! Pet, you devastated me! Yet, now you've deflated me 'til you're my Waterloo I've sold my kisses at a bazaar, and after me they've named a cigar; but lately how I've smarted, 'cause I Can't Get Started With You.
Celestine Akins - The Angels Started Singing.xml
As you held me in your arms All the an gels start ed sing ing As you kissed and held me tight I could hear the church bells ring ing It was such a love ly night Filled with the mys ter y of love and the stars all seemed to say you have found your own true love As the night came to an end I knew this was our be gin ning As we held each oth er tight Our kiss was ne ver end ing It was such a love ly night Filled with the mys ter y of love And the stars all seemed to say You have found your own true love
Mac Davis - Everything A Man Could Ever Need.xml
Lookin' back on the days when I was scufflin' for a buck, Nor overly concerned with life and love. I was always feelin' sorry for myself and my bad luck; I never stopped to think what life's made of.  With my nose to the grindstone and my shoulder to the wheel, I fought for my daily dollar like a man. Then you came into my life and nothing else seemed real; I found the answer right here in my hands. And I've got ev'rything a man could ever need I've got dreams to dream and songs to sing in the mornin'. I've got hands to hold my baby child and eyes to watch my woman smile. I got ev'rything a man could ever need.  Now my workin' day seems shorter than it ever did before, The ev'ning breeze gets cooler day by day. And the morning sun is always shinin' down on my baCk door, And your laughter washes all my cares away.   And not a day goes by that I don't look up to the skies, And humbly thank the Good Lord up above. For bringing you to me in time to make me realize, That all a poor man really needs is love. need. I've got ev'rything a man could ever need.
(Unknown) Arrangement Larry Johnson 2011 - I'm Too Far From Where I Started.xml
I'm to far from where I start ed and to close to where I'm go ing to think of ev er turn ing a round for my eyes are fixed on Je sus and I love this nar row way this old world has no a trac tion I'm heav en bound. bound.
Matt Dennis, Tom Adair - Will You Still Be Mine.xml
When lovers make no rendezvous to stroll along Fifth Aven ue. When this familiar world is thru, will you still be mine? When cabs don't drive around the park, no windows light the summer dark. When love has lost it's secret spark, will you still be mine? When moonlight on the Hudson's not romancy and spring no longer turns a young man's fancy. When glamor girls have lost their charm when sirens just mean false alarms. When lovers heed no call to arms, will you still be mine?
Netherlands Folk Song, Anonymous - We Gather Together.xml
We gather together to ask the Lord's blessing. He chastens and hastens His will to make known. The wicked opressing now cease from distressing. Sing praises to His name, He forgets not His own.
James Lyman Molloy - The Kerry Dance.xml
O, the days of the Kerry dancing O the ring of the piper's tune! O for one of those hours of gladness gone alas like our youth too soon When the boys began to gather in the glen of a summer night and the Kerry pipers tuning made us long with wild delight; O to think of it, O to dream of it fills my heart with tears! O the days of the Kerry dancing O the ring of the piper's tune O for one of those hours of gladness gone alas like out youth too soon. youth too soon
B.G.De Sylva, Joseph Meyer - If You Knew Susie.xml.2
If you knew Sussie like I know Susie Oh Oh oh what a girl theres none so classy as this fair lassie Oh Oh holy Moses what a chassis we went riding she didnt balk from the country I'm the one who had to walk If you knew Susie like I know Susie Oh oh what a girl. She wears long tresses and nice tight dresses OhOh what a future whe poses es out in public how she can yawn in a parlour you would think the war was on
William & Gloria Gaither, 1969 - I Will Serve Thee.xml
I will serve thee be cause I love thee you have giv en life to me I was no thing be fore you found me you have giv en life to me heart aches bro ken pie ces ru ined lives ar why you died on cal vary your touch was what I longed for you have giv en life to me
Bob Ferguson 1959 - Wings of A Dove.xml
when trou bles sur round us when ev vils come the bod y grows weak the spir it grows numb when these things be set us He does not for get us He sends down His love on the wings of a dove on the wings of a snow white dove He sends His pure sweet love a sign from a bove on the wings of a dove when No ah had drif ted on the flood many days he searched for land in var i ous ways trou bles he had some but was n't for got ten He sent him His love on the wings of a dove on the wings of a snow white dove He sends His pure sweet love a sign from a bove on the wings of a dove when Je sus went down to the wa ters that day He was bap tized in the u su al way when it was done God blessed His Son He sent down His love on the wings of a dove on the wings of a snow white dove He sends His pure sweet love a sign from a bove on the wings of a dove
Morrissey - Art Hounds.xml
"ART HOUNDS" write some thing "ART HOUNDS" look for noth ing and those that do are judged by those who tried and found they can not do "ART HOUNDS" seek the "Greek" i deal Gaze on what they'll nev er feel The pit i less re venge of those with out friends Pit i less, pit i less re venge "ART HOUNDS" nose a round They've seen it some where writ ten down And ev' ry thing they've seen on the mov ing screen Helps them pick up the pace In Eu ro pe an hushed mus e ums: Will I see you, will I see you, will I see you, will I see you, ? In Eu ro pe an mus e ums Will I SEE YOU ? My LIFE IS OP' RA MY LIFE IS OP' RA My LIFE IS OP' RA MY LIFE IS OP' RA ART HOUNDS in a res tau rant they bring a long their lov ing Aunt but when they can't find a ta ble for their far Aunt Mab el they stomp their feet and cry (In) Eu ro pe an hushed mus e ums: Will I see you, will I see you, will I see you, will I see you, ? In Eu ro pe an mus e ums Will I SEE YOU ? My LIFE IS OP' RA MY LIFE IS OP' RA My LIFE IS OP' RA MY LIFE IS OP' RA ART HOUNDS ver y fun ny we ry wit ty but ve ry lone ly and be low the belt is shriv eled and small It knows a thou sand walls When you can not stand the real world When you can not stand the real world take my hand When you can not stand the real world when you can not stand the real world When you can not stand the real world take my hand When you can not stand the real world I take fif teen pills to send me to sleep and fif teen pills to shake me a wake What does it mean ? What does it mean ? What does it mean ? What does it mean ? No bod y knows.
Dana  Suesse, Edward Heyman - You Oughta Be In Pictures.xml
You oughta be in pictures, You're won der ful to see, You ough ta be in pic tures, oh what a hit you would be! Your voice would thrill a nation, Your face would be adored, You'd make a great sensation with wealth and fame your reward And if you should kiss the way, you kiss when we are allalone You'd make ev'ry girl and man a fan worshiping at your throne. You oughta shine as brightly As Jupiter and Mars; You oughta be in picmy star of stars!
C.A. Bixio, B. Cherubini, Jimmy Kennedy - Serenade In The Night.xml
Serenade in the night 'neath a fair lady's window Just the same serenade that I tenderly played on a night long ago. There were stars in the sky and I sang 'neath the roses but she gave not a sign that she'd ever be mine and my love story closes Oh! why must the south wind be bringing it? Oh why must my heart keep on singing it? Serenade in the night from the past comes to haunt me When I hear that refrain, oh, my heart aches again for that lost love of mine.
Hugh Charles, Louis Elton - When They Sound the Last All Clear.xml
When they sound the last all clear how happy my darling we'll be when they turn up the lights and the dark lonely nights are only a memory never more we'll be a part always together sweetheart for the peace bells will ring and the whole world will sing, when they sound the last all clear.
Allie Wrubel, Herb Magidson - I'll Buy That Dream.xml
Imagine me with your head on my shoulder and you with your lips getting bolder, a sky full of moon and a sweet mellow tune; I'll but that dream. Imagine me in a gown white and flow'ry and you thanking dad for my dowry, a chruchful of folks and those last minute jokes; I'll buy that dream A honeymoon in Cairo in a brand new autogyro then home by rocket in a wink. We'll settle down in Dallas in a little plastic palace; it's not as crazy as you think! Imagine me on our first anni vers'ry, with someone like you in the nurs'ry. It doesn't sound bad and if it can be had I'll buy that dream.
Mildred J. Hill, Patty Hill - Good-Morning To All.xml
Goodmorning to you, Goodmorning to you, Goodmorning dear children, Goodmornning to all.
Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Aren't You Glad You're You? .xml
Evry time you're near a rose, aren't you glad you have a nose? And if the dawn is fresh with dew, aren't you glad you're you? When a meadowlark appears, aren't you glad you've got two ears? And if your heart is singing too, aren't you glad you're you? you can see a summer sky, or touch a friendly hand, or taste an apple pie. Pardon the grammar but ain't life grand? And when you wake up each morn, aren't you glad that you were born? Think what you've got the whole day through. Aren't you glad you're you?
A-Ha - Take On Me.xml
Talk ing away I don't know what I'm to say I'll say it an y way To day's an o ther day to find you Shy ing a way I'll be coming for you love OK Take on me (take on me) Take me on (take on me) I'll be gone in a day or two  Need less to say I'm odds and ends but that's me stumbling awaySlowly learning that life is O K Say after me It's no better to be safe than Sorry So
Leonard Cohen - Hallelujah.xml
Well I Well your heard there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music do you. Well it goes like this, the fourth, the fifth the minor fall and the major lift, the baffled king composing Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah faith was strong but you needed proof, you saw her bathing on the roof her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you. As she tied you to her kitchen chair she broke your throne and she cut your hair, and from your lips she drew the hallelujah Well your Ha lle lujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Well maybe there's a god above but All I've ever learned from love was how to shoot somebody who outdrew you. And it's not a cry that you hear at night it's not somebody who has seen the light, it's a cold and it's a broken Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelu Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelu Hallelu jah Hallelujah Hallelujah Hallelu Hallelujah
Joseph B Carey - Sierra Sue.xml
Far from the city of sorrows sweetheart I'm waiting for you come to the hills that love you come to a heart fond and true Sierra Sue I'm sad and lonely the rocks and rills are lonely too Sierra Sue I want you only noone but you Sierra Sue the roses weep their tears are falling the gentle doves no longer coo Oh cant you hear my sad heart calling calling for you Sierra Sue Sierra Sue
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Andre Kostelanetz, Mack Avis, Mack David - Moon Love.xml
Will this be moon love, nothing but moon love? Will you be gone when the dawn comes stealing through? Are these just moon dreams, grand while the moon beams? But, when the moon fades away will my dreams come true? Much as I love you, don't let me love you if I must pay for your kiss with lonely tears. Say it's not moon love tell me it's true love, say you'll be mine when the moon disappears.
Bruce Welch, Brian Bennett - Summer Holiday.xml
We're all going on a summer holiday no more working for a week or two fun and laughter on our summer holiday no more worries for me or you for a week or two we're going where the sun shines brightly we're going where the sea is blue we've seen it on the movies now lets see if its true evrybodys has a summer holiday doin things they always wanted to so we're going on a summer holiday to make our dreams come true for me and you for me and you for me and you flor me and you
George Weiss, Jerry Bock, Larry Holofcener - Mr Wonderful.xml
Why this feeling? why this glow? why the thrill when you say Hello It's a strange and tender magic you do One more thing then I'm through Mister Wonderful, Mister wonderful Mister wonderful I love you why this Mister Wonderful thats you Why this trembling when you speak? why this joy when you touch my cheek? I must tell you what my heart knows is true Mister Wonderful thats you and why this longing to know your charms to spend forever here in your arms Oh theres much more I could say but the words keep slipping away and I'm left with only one point of view Mister Wonderful thats you you!
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Sixteen Going On Seventeen.xml
You are sixteen, going on seventeen, ba by, it's time to think! Better beware, be canny and careful, Baby you're on the brink! Fellows will fall in line. Eager young lads and roues and cads will offer you food and wine. Totally unprepared are you to face a world of men. Timid and shy and scared are you of things beyond your ken, You need someone older and wiser Telling you what to do I am seventeen goingon eighteen I'll take care of you.
Clarence Gaskill, Russ Colombo,  Leo Robin - Prisoner Of Love.xml
Alone from night to night you'll find me, Too weak to break the chains that bind me, I need no shackles to remind me I'm just a pris'ner of love. For one command I stand and wait now, From one who's master of my fate now, I can't escape for it's too late now, I'm just a pris'ner of love. What's the good of my caring if someone is sharing those arms with me? Although she has another I can't have another for I'm not free. She's in my dreams awake or sleeping Upon my knees to her I'm creeping; My very life is in her keeping I'm just a pris'ner of love
Conrad Cook 1983 - Saints will Rise.xml
When our work on earth is end ed and the time has come to go saint will rise saints will rise Head ed for that bles sed count ry and it's hea ven I am told saints will rise saints will rise saints will rise on the hal le lu ja morn ing when we hear that trum pet sound I'm get ting up to see King Je sus saints will rise saints will rise. Have you made your pre par a tion are you go ing to that land? saints will rise saints will rise Je sus gaive his life a ran som so that you can join that band saints will rise saints will rise saints will rise on the hal le lu ja morn ing when we hear that trum pet sound I'm get ting up to see King Je sus saints will rise saints will rise
Jerome  Kern, Johnny Mercer - Dearly Beloved.xml
Dearly beloved, how clearly I see, somewhere in heaven you were fashioned for me. Angel eyes knew you, angel voices led me to you; nothing can stop me fate gave me a sign I know that I'll be yours come shower or shine. So I say merely Dearly Beloved be mine.                                    mine.
Laurent Herpin, Harold Rome - All of a Sudden My Heart Sings (Transcribed).xml
The secret way you hold my hand to let me know you understand, the wind and rain upon your face, the breathless world of your embrace, your little laugh and halfsurprise, the starlight gleaming in your eyes, remem b'ring all those little things all of a sudden my heart sings. All of a sudden my heart sings when I remember little things. The way you dance and hold me tight, the way you kiss and say "Good Night", the crazy things we'd say and do, the fun it is to be with you, the magic thrill that's in your touch, oh, darling I love you so much! The secret way you hold my hand, to let me know you understand, the wind and rain upon your face, the breathless world of your embrace, your little laugh and halfsurprise, the starlight gleaming in your eyes, rememb'ring all those things, all of a sudden my heart sings.
Maria Grever, Stanley Adams - What A Diff'rence A Day Made.xml
What a dif'frence a day made; Twentyfour little hours Brought the sun and the flowers Where there used to be rain. My yesterday was blue, dear Today I'm part of you, dear, My lonely nights are through, dear, Since you said you were mine. What a diff''rence a day makes; there's a rainbow before me, Skies above can't be stormy Since the moment of bliss, That thrilling kiss. It's heaven when you find romance on your menu What a diff'rence a day made, And the diff'rence is you
Victor Feldman, Milo Adamo - Haunted Ballroom.xml
Hear 'em swing see 'em sway to the songs of yesterday, "string of Pearls" "Elmer's Tune" midnight at the Starlight Haunted Ballroom Long ago so they say all the big bands used to play "my romance" "Love in Bloom" Gene Krupa beating on the drums. And Tommy Dor sey playing the slide trombone Glenn Miller put you in the mood with a song and Satch mo got up and blew on his horn One more song Maestro please. One more waltz before we leave. "cara van" "Paper Moon"
Mavina Reynolds, Malvina Reynolds - Morningtown Ride.xml
Train whistle blowingmakes a sleepy noise underneath the blankets for all the girls and boys Rockin rollin ridin out along the bay all bound for Morningtown many miles away Driver at the enginefireman rings the bell sandman swings the lantern to show that all is well rockin rollin ridin out along the bay all bound for morningtown many miles away many miles a way.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - I Didn't Know What Time It Was.xml
I didn't know what time it was, then I met you. Oh what a lovely time it was, how sublime it was too. I didn't know wat day it was, you held my hand, warm like the month of May it was, and I'll say it was grand. Grand to be alive, to be young, to be mad to be yours alone. Grand to see your face, feel your touch, hear your voice say I'm all your own. I didn't know what year it was, life was no prize. I wanted love and here it was shining out of your eyes. I'm wise and I know what time it is now. now.
Gary Chapman, Amy Grant - Tennessee Christmas.xml
Comeon weatherman give us a forecast snowy white. Can't you hear the pray'rs of ev'ry childlike heart tonight? Rockies are callin,' Denver snow fall in', Somebody said it's four feet deep. But it doesn't matter, give me the laughter, I'm gonna choose to keep another tender tennessee Christmas. The only Christmas for me. Where the love circles around us like the gifts around our tree. Well I know there's more snow up in Colorado than my roof will ever see. But a tender Tennessee Christmas is the only Christmas for me; Ev'ry now and then I get a wanderin' urge to see, maybe California, maybe Tinseltown's for me. There's a parade there: we'd have it made there. Bring home a tan for New Year's Eve. Sure sounds exciting, awf'ly invit ing; still I think I'm gonna keep Well, they say in L. A. it's a warm holiday, it's the only place to be. me. Well I know me. A tender Tennessee Christmas is the only Christmas for me.
Bank, Jones - I CAN'T STAND UP FOR FALLING DOWN.xml
I'm the liv ing re sult of a man whose been hurt a lit tle too much Now I've tas ted the bit ter ness of my own tears Sad ness, is all my lone ly heart can feel I CAN'T STAND UP FOR FALL ING DOWN I CAN'T STAND UP FOR FALL ING DOWN  Sim ple tho love is Still it con fused me Why I'm not loved The way that I should be Now I lived with heart aches and I've roomed with fear Dealt with des pair and I've wrest led with fears Bridge: The vow that you made You broke it in to But that don't stop me from lov ing you
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - You Are My Lucky Star.xml
In my imagina tion, I searched the starlit sky so right. In my imagination there I saw you in the night. And then one day I found you. How could I help but realize my lucky star was smiling right there before my very eyes. You are my lucky star I saw you from afar Two lovely eyes at me they were gleaming, Beaming I was star struck. You're all my lucky charms. I'm lucky in your arms. You've opened heaven's portal here on earth for this poor mortal. You are my lucky star. star.
Richard Carpenter, Frank Pooler - Merry Christmas Darling.xml
Greeting cards have all been sent, the Christmas rush is through, but I still have one wish to make, a special one for you: Merry Christmas, darling, we're a part that's true; but I can dream and in my dreams, I'm Christmasing with you. Holidays are joyful there's always something new. But ev'ry day's a holiday when I'm near to you. The lights on my tree I wish you could see, I wish it ev'ry day. The logs on the fire fill me with desire to see you and to say that I wish you Merry Christmas, Happy New Year too. I've just one wish on this Christmas Eve: I wish I were with you. The I wish I were with you, I wish I were with you.
Ruth Roberts, Bill Katz, Stanley Clayton - Hillside In Scotland.xml
I remember the hillside in Scotland I remember the boy in the glen There my heart is still a wander ing ever and ever and ever again Green and warm was that hillside in Scot land Cherry sweet was the love that was there there my heart is still a wandering ever and ever and ever againThere the moon was burning bright when we kissed that bonny night I remember the hillside in Scotland I remember the boy in the glen there my heart is still a wandering ever and ever and ever again there my heart is still awandering ever and ever and ever again.
Cole Porter - Ev'rything I Love.xml
If I were Lord Byron, I'd write you, sweet siren, A poem inspirin', A killer dilleroo. Too bad I' no poet, I happen to know it, But y way here's a roundelay that I wrote last night about you. You are to me ev'rything, My life to be, ev'rything. When in my sleep you appear, Fair skies of deep blue appear. Each time our lips touch again, I yearn for you oh, so much again. You are my fav'rite star, My haven in heaven above. You are ev'rything I love. ev'rything I love.
Ernest Breuer, Billy Rose, Marty Bloom - Does Your Chewing Gum Lose Its Flavour.xml
Oh me oh my oh you I dont know what to do Hallelujah the question is peculiar its got me on the go I'd give a lot of dough if someone here would tell me is it yes or is it no? Does the chewing gum lose its flavour on the bedpost over night? if you chew it in the morning will it be too hard to bite? Cant you see I'm goingcrazy wont somebody put me right? does the chewing gum lose its flavour on the bedpost over night? does the if you pull it out like rubber will it snap right back and bite? if you paste it on the left side, will you find it on the right? night?
Neil Diamond - Sweet Caroline.xml
Where it began I can't begin to know in but then I know its growing strong Was in the spring and spring became the summer who'd have believed you'd come a Hands, touchin hands reachin out touchin me touchin you Sweet Caroline good times never seemed so good I've been inclined to believe they never would but now I look at the night and it don't seem so lonely we fill it up with only two And when I hurt hurtin runs off my shoulder How can I hurt when holding you
Nacio Herb Brown, Gus Kahn - You Stepped Out Of A Dream.xml.1
You stepped out of a dream. You are too wonderful to be what you seem. Could there be eyes like your? Could there be lips like your? Could there be smiles like your? honest and truely?You stepped out of a cloud. I want to take you away, away from the crowd, and have you all to myself alone and apart out of a dream, safe in my heart.
Thomas Waller, Andy Razaf - Honeysuckle Rose.xml.1
Ev'ry honey bee fills with jealousy when they see you out with me. I don't blame them goodness knows Hon eysuckle Rose. When you're passin' by flowers droop and sigh, and I know the reason why. You're much sweeter goodness knows Honeysuckle Rose. Don't buy sugar, you just have to touch my cup. You're my sugar it's sweet when you stir it up When I'm takin' sips, from your tasty lips Seems the honey fairly drips. You're confection goodness knows, Hon eysuckle Rose.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney - If I Fell.xml.2
If  I  fell  in  love  with  you, would  you  promise  to  be  true and  help  me  understand 'cause  I've  been  in  love  before and  I  found  that  love  is  more than  just  holding  hands. If  I  give  my  heart  to  you I  must  be  sure  from  the  very  start that  you  would  love  me  more  than  her. If  I  trust  in  you, oh  please,  don't  run  and  hide. If  I  love  you  too, oh  please,  don't  hurt  my  pride  like  her 'cause  I  couldn't  stand  the  pain and  I  would  be  sad if  our  new  love  was  in  vain. So  I  hope  you'll  see that  I  would  love  to  love  you and  that  she  will  cry when  she  learns  we  are  two 'cause  I  couldn't  stand  the  pain and  I  would  be  sad if  our  new  love  was  in  vain. So  I  hope  you'll  see that  I  would  love  to  love  you and  that  she  will  cry when  she  learns  we  are  two if  I  fell  in  love  with  you.
Stephen Foster - Old Folks at Home.xml
Way down upon the Swanee river far far away theres where my heart is turning ever theres where the old folks stay All the world is sad and dreary evry where I roam Oh, Mama how my heart grows weary far from the old folks at
Feliz Bernard & Johnny S. Black, Fred Fisher - Dardanella.xml
Down beside the Dardanella Bay, Where Oriental breezes play, There lives a lonesome maid, Armenian By the Dardanelles with glowing eyes, She looks across the seas and sighs, And weaves her love spell so Sirenian Soon I shall return to Turkestan I will ask for her heart and hand: Oh! sweet Dardanella, I love your harem eyes I'm a lucky fellow to capture such a prize Oh Allah knows, my love for you And he tells you to be true, Dardanel la, Oh hear my sigh My Oriental, Oh! sweet Dardanella prepare the wedding wine There'll be one girl in my harem, when you're mine. We'll build a tent just like the children of the Orient, Oh! sweet Dardanella, my star of love divine vine.
Gene DePaul, Patricia Johnson, Don Raye - I'll Remember April.xml
This love.ly day will lengthen into ev'ning, We'll sigh goodbye to all we've ever had. Alone where we have walked together, I'll remember April and be glad. I'll be content you loved me once in April, Your lips were warm, and love and spring were new. But I'm not afraid of Autumn and her sorrow, For I'll remember April and you. The fire will dwindle into glowing ashees, For flames and love live such a little while. I won't forget but I won't be lonely, I'll remember April, and I'll smile. smile
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - Get Me to the Church on Time.xml
I'm getting married in the morning Ding dong the bells are goin' to chime Pull out the stopper Let's have a whopper but get me to the church on time I've got to be there in the morning Spruced up and looking in my prime Girls come and kiss me Show how you'll miss me but get me to the church on time If I am danc,ing roll up the floor if I am whistling (Whistle) me out the door for I'm getting married in the morning Ding dong the bells are goin' to chime Kick up a rumpus but don't lose the compass and get me to the church Get me to the church For Gawd's sake get me to the church on time!
Buddy Johnson - Since I Fell For You.xml
You made me leave my happy home, You took my love and now you're gone. Since I fell for you. Love brings such misery and pain. I know I'll never be the same Since I fell for you. It's too bad, it's too sad But I'm in love with you. You love me then snub me, Oh, what can I do? I'm still in love with you. I guess I'll never see the light. I get the blues most ev'ry night, Since I fell for you. you.
Frederick Lowe, Alan Jay Lerner - Thank Heaven For Little Girls.xml
Thank heaven for little girls! For little girls get bigger ev'ry day. Thank heaven for little girls! They grow up in the most delightful way. Those little eyes so helpless and appealing One day will flash and send you crashing thru the ceiling. Thank heaven for little girls Thank heaven for them all no matter where. No matter who, Without them what would little boys do? Thank heaven Thank heaven Thank heaven for little girls.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - The Wedding Of The Painted Doll.xml
It's a holiday, today's the wedding of the painted Doll. It's A jolly day, the news is spreading all around the hall. Red Riding Hood and Buster Brown, The Jumping Jack jumped into town. From far an' near, they're comin' here, Church bells ringing, bringing All the little dollies from the Follies with their painted cheeks Little mama doll has fussed around for weeks and weeks Shoo the blues, no time to lose, Rice and shoes will spread the news, that It's a holi day, Today's the wedding of the little painted Doll. Here come the bridesmaids Look at them in their places, Look at the fancy laces, Look at them as they smile all sorrow away. Here comes the bride now, Look at the little cutie, Look at the little beauty, Look at the little doll It's her wedding day. Here's the preacher man, oh look As he takes his little black book. He is sure he knows his stuff, 'Cause he's done it often enough. Here comes the bridegroom Ready for the service, justa little nervous. Now the preacher say You're married to stay.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - You'll Never Know.xml
darling I'm so blue without you I think about you the livelong day when you ask me if I'm lonely then I have only this to say You'll never know just how much I miss you You'll never know just how much I care and if I tried I still couldnt hide my love for you you ought to know for havent I told you so a mil lion or more times You went away and my heart went with you I speak your name in my evry prayer if there is some other way to prove that I love you I swear I dont know how You'll never know if you dont know now. you said goodbye now stars in the sky refuse to shine take it from me it's no fun to be alone with moonlight and mem' 'ries now.
Richard Adler and Jerry Ross - Two Lost Souls.xml
(both)Two lost souls on the highway of life. we ain't even got a sister or brother. (Joe)But ain't it just great, (Lola)ain't it just grand, (both)We've got each other. (both)Two lost ships on a stormy sea, One with no sail and one with no rudder. other. (Joe)We're two lost sheep in the wilds of the hills, far from the other Jacks and Jills. (Lola)We wandered aand went astray But we ain't fussin' 'cause we've got usen. (both)We're Two lost souls on the highway of life. and there is no one with whom we would ruther. (Joe)Say ain't it just great, (Lola)ain't it just grand, (both)We've got each other. (both)We've got each other. (both)We've got each other.
Hugh Martin, Timothy Gray - You'd Better Love Me.xml
You called me back with a silent plea, from another time, another place, another me. You called me back and I found my way to a half remembered, half forgotten yesterday. But I might not stay. You'd bet ter love me while you may. Tomorrow I may fly away. I want your gentle touch, your continental touch. your elemental touch, And you want me too, oh I know that you do. You'd better love me while I'm here. I have been known to disappear. So don't let this miracle melt away. The clock ticks fast above me, If you think fondly of me, you'd better love me while you may.
Tim Spencer - Cigareetes, Whusky & Wild, Wild Women.xml
....Once I was happy and had a good wife, I had enough money to last me for life, I met with a gal, and we went on a spree, She taught me to smoke and drink whusky; Cigareetes and whusky and wild, wild women They'll drive you crazy, They'll drive you insane Cigareetes and whusky and wild, wild women, They'll drive you crazy, They'll drive you insane
Sidney Clare, Lew Brown  - I'd Climb The Highest Mountain .xml
I'D CLIMB THE HIGHEST MOUNTAIN if I knew that when I climbed that mountain I'd find you. I'd swim the deepest river if I knew that when I swam that river I'd find you. Without you dear my life means nothing to me no matter where you are that's where I want to be. I'd pray to get to heaven 'cuz I know that if I got to heaven I'd find you.
Duke Ellington, Henry Nemo, Irving Mills, John Redmond - I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart.xml
I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart, it was the sweetest melody, I know I lost heav en 'cause you were the song. Since you and I have drifted apart life doesn't mean a thing to me, please come back, sweel mu sic, I know I was wrong. Am I too late to make amends? You know that we were meant to be more than just friends, just friends. I Let A Song Go Out Of My Heart. Believe me, darling, when I say I won't know sweet mu sic until you return some day.
hank williams, Hank Williams - me and my broken heart.xml
there's a oh i lit tle old log cab in where i'm long ing now to be that lit tle old home that once more i wou ld love to see so i'll go back so i'll go back to my lit tle home out on the prair ie my lit tle cold log cab in in the pines there's a path wind ing down from the moun tains lead ing to the lit tle cab in door there'll be a light burn ing in the win dow to guide my foot steps home once more oh i won der if there'll be a log fire burn ing there to night the old folk sitting there to warm in the soft fire light oh i'll go back i must go back to the old folks that i love so dear ly in that lit tle old log cab in in the pines old bl uey will come boun ing thru the dark ness greet me as he wags his shag gy tail and tho' it's years since i have left the old home to greet me old blue y will not fail there's a
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Out Of My Dreams.xml
Out of my dreams and into your arms I long to fly I will come as eve'ning comes to woo a waiting sky. Out of my dreams and into the hush of falling shadows, When the mist is low and stars are breaking through. Then out of my dreams I'll go Into a dream with your. Wont have to make up anymore stories, You'll be there! Think of the bright midsummer night glories we can share. Wont have to go on kissing a day dream I'll have you You'll be real Real as the white moon lighting the blue.
Kelly Clarkson, Jason Halbert, Eric Olson - Catch My Breath.xml
I don't wanna be left behind Distance was a friend of mine. Catching breath in a web of lies. I've spent most of my life. Riding waves playing a cro bat Shadow boxing the o ther half. Learning how to react. I've spent most of my time Catching my breath letting it go. Turning my cheek for the sake of this show. Now that you know this is my life I won't be told what's supposed to be right. Catch my breath noone can hold me back I a'int got time for that Catch my breath won't let them get me down it's all so simple now. You made me see the beauty in every thing. Catching my breath letting it go, Turning my cheek for the sake of this show. Now that you know this is my life I won't be told what's supposed to be right. Catching my breath letting it go. Turning my cheek for the sake of this show. Now that you know this is my life I won't be told what's supposed to be right. Catch my breath Noone can hold me back I ain't got time for that Catch my breath won't let them get me down It's all so simple now It's all so simple now.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney - If I Fell.xml
If  I  fell  in  love  with  you, would  you  promise  to  be  true and  help  me  understand 'cause  I've  been  in  love  before and  I  found  that  love  is  more than  just  holding  hands. If  I  give  my  heart  to  you I  must  be  sure  from  the  very  start that  you  would  love  me  more  than  her. If  I  trust  in  you, oh  please,  don't  run  and  hide. If  I  love  you  too, oh  please,  don't  hurt  my  pride  like  her 'cause  I  couldn't  stand  the  pain and  I  would  be  sad if  our  new  love  was  in  vain. So  I  hope  you'll  see that  I  would  love  to  love  you and  that  she  will  cry when  she  learns  we  are  two 'cause  I  couldn't  stand  the  pain and  I  would  be  sad if  our  new  love  was  in  vain. So  I  hope  you'll  see that  I  would  love  to  love  you and  that  she  will  cry when  she  learns  we  are  two if  I  fell  in  love  with  you.
Dr. Robert Katcher, B. G. DeSylva - When Day Is Done.xml
When day is done and shadows fall, I dream of you. When day is done I think of all the joys we knew. That yearning returning to hold you in my arms, Won't go love, I know love, Without you night has lost it's charm! When day is done and grass is wet with twilight's dew. My lonely heart is sinking with the sun. Although I miss your tender kiss the whole day through, I miss you most of all when day is done. When done.
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - Come Rain Or Come Shine.xml
I'm gonna love you like nobody's loved you come rain or come shine. High as a mountain, and deep as a river come rain or come shine. I guess when you met me it was just one of those things. But don't ever bet me 'cause I'm gonna be true if you let me. You're gonna love me like nobody's loved me, come rain or come shine. Happy together unhappy together and won't it be fine. Days may be cloudy or sunny. We're in or we're out of the money But I'm with you always I'm with you rain or shine.. shine.
Peter De Rose, Mitchel Paarish - Deep Purple.xml
When the deep purple falls, over sleepy garden walls, And the stars begin to flicker in the sky Through the mist of a memory you wander back to me Breathing my name with a sigh. In the still of the night once again I hold you tight, Though you're gone, you're love lives on When moonlight beams. And as long as my heart will beat, lover we'll always meet, Here in my deep pur ple dreams.
Sigmund Romberg, Otto Harbach and Oscar Hammerstein II - One alone.xml
One alone to be my own I alone to know her caresses One to be eternally the one my worshipping soul posessesAt her call I'd give my all All my life and all my love enduring This would be a magic world to me If she were mine alone
W. Elmo Mercer 1958 - The Way That He Loves.xml
the way that He loves is as fair as the day that bles ses my way with light the way that He loves is as soft as the breeze ca res sing the trees at night so ten der and pre cious is He con ten ted with Je sus I'll be the way that he loves is so thril ling be cause His love reach es e ven me the way that He loves is as deep as the sea His spir it shall be my stay the way that He loves is as pure as a rose much swe eter He grows each day His peace hov ers near like a dove I know there's a heav en a bove to Je sus I cling live's a won der ful thing be cause of the way He loves the way that He loves is as fair as the day that bles ses my way with light the way that He loves is as soft as the breeze ca res sing the trees at night so ten der and pre cious is He con ten ted with Je sus I'll be the way that he loves is so thril ling be cause His love reach es e ven me
Karl Hoschna, Otto Harbach - Ev'ry Little Movement.xml
Ev'ry little movement has a meaning all its own, Ev'ry tho't and feeling by some posture can be shown, And ev'ry love tho't that comes a stealing o'er your being must be revealing, All its sweetness in some appealing Little gesture all its own.
Tod B. Galloway, George S. Pomeroy, Meade Minnigerode - The Whiffenpoof Song (1909).xml
To the tables down at Mory's, To the place where Louie dwells, To the dear old Temple Bar we love so well. Sing the Whiffenpoofs assembled with their glasses raised on high. And the magic of their singing casts its spell And the magic of their singing, of the songs we love so well, "Shall I Wasting" and "Mavourneen" and the rest. We will serenade our Lou ie while life and voice shall last, then we'll pass and be forgotten with the rest. We're poor little lambs who have lost our way, baa, baa, baa. We're little black sheep who have gone astray, baa, baa, baa. Gentlemen songsters off on a spree, doomed from here to eternity, Lord, have mercy on such as we, baa, baa, baa.
Benny Andersson & Bjorn Ulvaeus - The Winner Takes it All.xml
I don't wanna talk, about things we gone through though it's hurting me, now it's history. I've played al my cards and that's what you've done too nothing more to say, no more ace to play. The winner takes it all, the loser standing small beside the victory, that's her destiny I was in your arms, thinking I belonged there, I figured it made sense, building me a fence, building me a home, thinking I'd be strong there but I was a fool, playing by the rules. The gods may throw a dice, their minds as cold as ice and someone way down here loses someone dear. The winner takes it all, the loser have to fall, it's simple and its plain, why should I complain But tell me does she
Ed Marshall - Venus.xml
Hey Venus Oh Venus Venus if you will please send a little girl for me to thrill a girl who wants my kisses and my arms a girl with all the charms of you Venus make her fair a lovely girl with sunlight in her hair and take the brightest stars up in the skies and place them in her eyes for me Venus Goddess of love that you are surely the things I ask cant be too great a task Venus if you do I promise that I always will be true I'll give her all the love I have to give as long as we both shall live live hey Venus oh Venus make my wish come true.
Maurice Yvain - My Man.xml
It's cost me a lot, but there's one thing that I've got, it's my Man Cold and wet, tired you bet; but all that I soon forget with My Man He's not much for looks and no hero out of books is My Man Two or three girls has he that he likes as well as me, but I love him. Oh, my man I love him so, He'll never know, All my life is just despair,but I don't care. When he takes me in his arms, the world is bright, all right; What's the diff'rence if I say I'll go away When I know I'll come back on my knees someday? For whatever my man is, I am his forevermore Oh, my man I love him
Antonio Carlos Jobim - Triste.xml
Sad is to live in solitude. Far from your tranquil atitude. Sad is to know that no one ever can live on a dream. That never can be, will never be. Dreamer awake. Wakeup and see. Your beauty is an aeroplane. So high my heart can't bear the strain. A heart that stops when you pass by only to cause me pain. Sad is to live in solitude.
Irving Berlin - A Pretty Girl Is Like a Melody.xml
A pret ty girl is like a melody that haunts you night and day just like the strain of a haunting refrain she'll start upon a marathon and runaround your brain you cant escape she's in your memory by morning night and noon she will leave you and then come back again a pretty girl is just like a pretty tune.
Al Goodhart, Al Hoffman, and  Ed Nelson - I Apologize.xml
If I told a lie, If I made you cry, When I said goodbye i'm sorry From the bottom of my heart, dear, I appologize. If I caused you pain, I know I'm to blame, Must have been insane, Believe me, From the bottom of my heart dear, I appologize. I realize I've been unfair to you, Please let me make amends. Don't say that you forgot the love we knew, After all, we were more than friends. If I've made you blue, I've had heartaches too, Now I beg of you forgive me, From the bottom of my heart dear, I appologize
Victor Herbert, Henry Blossom - Kiss Me Again.xml
Sweet summer breeze whispering trees Stars shining softly above Roses in bloom Wafted perfume Sleepy birds dreaming of love Safe in your arms far from alarms daylight shall come but in vain Tenderly pressed close to your breast Kiss me Kiss me again Kiss me again Kiss me Kiss me again.
Cy Coleman, Dorothy Fields - If My Friends Could See Me Now.xml
If they could see me now, that little gang of mine, I'm eating fancy chow and drinking fancy wine. I'd like those stumble bums to see for a fact The kind of top drawer first rate chums I attract. All I can say is "Wow!ee Looka where I am. To night I landed, pow! right in a pot of jam." What a set up! Holy cow! They'd never believe it, If my friends could see me now If they could see me now, My little ddusty group, traipsin' 'round this million dollar chicken coup. I'd hear those thrift shop cats say: "Brother, get her! Draped on a bedspread made from three kinds of fur." All I can say is "Wow! Wait till the riff and raff See just exactly how he signed this autograph." What a buildup! Holy cow! see me now
Irving Berlin - All Alone.xml
All alone, I'm so all alone. There is noone else but you. All alone, by the telephone waiting for a ring, a tingaling. I'm all alone ev'ry evening, All alone, feeling blue, wond'ring where you are, and how you are and if you are all alone too.
Jerome Kern - I'm Happy About the Whole Thing.xml
I'm happy about the whole thing. You have the right looks, you're sweet to my friends, You keep the right books between your book ends. I'm happy about the whole thing. Whenever we dance, you're seen and not heard; You offer your glance, but never a word. What's more you let me sing! Your disposition is like old Sol you're sunny as a politician. Whereas, to wit, I really must admit I'm happy about the whole thing. When my attitude is one of despair, you get in my mood and not in my hair, You're always right in the swing, I'm happy about the whole thing.
Ken Ramsey & Hoyt Axton - Greenback Dollar.xml
Some people say I'm a nocount, Others say I'm no good, But I'm just a natural born travelin' man, Doin' what I think I should oh, Yeh! Doin' what I think I should. And I don't care a darn about a Greenback Dol lar, Spend it as fast as I can for a wailin' song and a good Guitar, The only things that I understand oh, Yeh! The only things that I understand. When I was a little baby, My Momma she said son, Travel where you will and grow to be a man, Sing what must be sung poor boy, Sing what must be sung
Bob Crewe, Bob Gaudio - TO GIVE IS THE REASON WE LIVE.xml
To give is the rea son we live to give all we can give in re turn for the love we have earned. We were born as a part of the plan ev' ry wo man and man with a drive to sur vive. I be lieve ev' ry thing on this earth Hav ing mean ing and worth made of con crete and air is to share And to feel just ti fied we ex ist to be scribed on a list of "some one" with a place in the sun. here we stand pray ing up to the sky till the day that we die we must share all we can. When I go, I'll go out emp ty hand leav ing dust to the land just this soul I have found leaves the ground
Jean Renard, Carl Sigman - Losing You.xml
Don't sigh a sigh for me Don't ever cry for me. This is goodbye for me, I know we're through I'm losing you. Love sang it's song for me. Then things went wrong for me. Nights are too long for me, Because I'm losing you. Our love and devotion go deep as any ocean. then one day, like the tide you began to change and you became a perfect stranger. Someone is holding you, sharing the lips I knew. I can't believe it's true, that I am losing you. Someone is holding you, sharing the lips I knew. I can't believe it's true, that I am losing you.
Jimmy Buffett - Margaritaville.xml
Liv   in' on sponge cake, Watchin' the sun bake; All of the tourists covered with oil. Strummin' my six string On my front porch swing, Smellin' those shrimp, they're beginnin' to boil. Wastin' away again in Margaritaville. Searchin' for my lost shaker of salt. Some people claim that there's a woman to blame,  But   I know it's nobody's fault.  Don't know the reason. Stayed here all season. Nothin' to show but this brand new tatoo. But it's a real beauty, A Mexican cutie; How it got there I haven't a clue.  Now I think Hell, it could be my
Sam Cooke - Only Sixteen.xml
She was only sixteen, only sixteen. I loved her so. But she was too young to fall in love, and I was too young to know. We'd laugh and we'd sing and do funny things and it made our hearts glow. But she was too young to fall in love, and I was too young to know. Why did I give my heart so fast? It never will happen again, but I was a mere child of sixteen. I've aged a year since then. She was only sixteen, only sixteen with eyes that would glow, but she was too young to fall in love, and I was too young to know. Then know, but she was too young to fall in love and I was too young to know, but
James Monaco, Mack Gordon - I Can't Begin To Tell You.xml
I can't begin to tell you, how much you mean to me. My world would end if ever we were through. I can't begin to tell you how happy I would be, If I could speak my mind like others do. I make such pretty speaches whenever we're apart, but when your near the words I choose refuse to leave my heart. So take the sweetest phrases the work has ever known, and make believe I've said them all to you. I you.
Joe Garland - In The Mood.xml.1
Who's the livin' dolly with the beautiful eyes? What a pair o' lips, I'd like to try 'em for size. I'll just tell her, "Ba by, won't you swing it with me?" Hope she tells me "maybe", what a wing it will be. So, I said politely, "Darlin' may I intrude?" She said, "Don't keep me waitin' when I'm in the mood." First I held her lightly and we started to dance, then I held her tightly, what a dreamy romance. And I said, "Hey, baby it's a quarter to three. There's a mess of moonlight won'cha share it with me?" "Well," she answerd, "Mister, don'tcha know that it's rude? To keep my two lips waitin' when they're in the mood?" In the mood, that's what she told me, In the mood, and when she told me, In the mood, my heart was skippin', it didn't take mw long to say, "I'm in the mood now." In the mood, for all her kiss in', In the mood, her crazzy lovin' In the mood, what I was missin', It didn't take me long to say, "I'm in the mood now. in the mood now.
Bobby Darin - You're the Reason I'm Living.xml
You're the reason I'm living. You're the breath that I take. You're the stars in my heaven. You're the sun when I wake. You're the reason I'm living. Oh you carry me through all of life's little burdens. I'd be lost without you. A long, long time ago when I was down you picked me up and showed me true love still could be found. You're the reason I do things. You're the things that I do. You're the reason I'm living. I'd be lost without you. You're the reason I'm living. I'd be lost without you. You're the reasonI'm living. I'd be lost without you.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - I Was Doing All Right.xml
I was doing all right, Nothing but rainbows in my sky, I was doing all right Till you came by. Had no cause to complain, Life was as sweet as apple pie, Never noticed the rain Till you came by. But now Whenever you're away, Can't sleep nights and suffer all the day; I just sit and wonder if love isn't one big blunder. But when you hold me tight, Tingling all through, I feel somehow I was doing all right But I'm doing better than ever now.
Harry Owens & Ray Kinney - Hawaiian Hospitality.xml
Along the beach at Waikiki, a fair wahine is waiting for me, with her dark eyes and lovable charms and very sweet Hawaiian Hospitality. Beneath the moon we stroll along, and life is just like a beautiful song, when she whispers, come into my arms, it's just the old Hawaiian Hospitality.And 'tho my heart may sob to Aloha when I sail away, how my heart will throb to the thought of coming back some day. And when my dream of love comes true, there will be Okolehao for two, a little Welakahaomight do. it's just the old Hawaiian Hospitality.
Irving Kahal, Willie Raskin, Sammy Fain - Wedding Bells.xml
Not a soul down on the corner thats a pretty certain sign that wedding bells are breaking up that old gang of mine all the boys are singing love songs they forgot Sweet Adeline": those wedding bells are breaking up that old gang of mine, there goes Jack there goes Jim down to lovers lane now and then we meet again but they dont seem the same gee I get a lonesome feeling when I hear the church bells chime those wedding bells are breakingup that old gang of mine
Ted Snyder, Francis Wheeler, Harry B. Smith - The Sheik Of Araby.xml
I'm the Sheik of Araby, your love belongs to me. At night when you're asleep into your tent I'll creep. The stars that shine above, will light our way to love. You'll rule this land with me; The Sheik Of Araby.
Unknown - Shenandoah.xml
Oh, Shenandoah I long to hear you Away you rolling river	 Oh Shenan doah I long to hear you Away way I'm bound away cross the wide
Jimmy McHugh, Dorothy Fields - On the sunny side of the street.xml.1
Grab your coat and get your hat, Leave your worry on the doorstep, Just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street. Can´t you hear a pitter pat? And that happy tune is your step, Life can be so sweet on the sunny side of the street. I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade, But I´m not afraid, This Rover crossed over. If I never have a cent, I´ll be rich as Rockefeller, Gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street.
Ralph Burns, Woody Herman, Johnny Mercer - Early Autumn.xml
When an early Autumn walks the land and chills the breeze, and touches with her hand the summer trees, perhaps you'll understand what memories I own. There's a dance pavillion in the rain all shuttered down, a winding country lane, all russet brown, a frosty window pane shows me a town grown lonely. The spring fof ours that started so april hearted, seemed made for just a boy and girl. I never dreamed, did you, any fall would come in view so early, early? Darling if you care please let me know, I'll meet you anywhere, I miss you so, let's never have to share another early autumn.
G. Puccini, Giovacchino Forzano (It.) - Oh! My Beloved Father.xml
Oh! my beloved fath,er, I love him, yes I love him; I'll go to Porta Rossa To buy our wedding ring! Oh! yes I want to go there And if you still say No, I'll go to Ponte Vecchio, But throw myself below. I languish and I suffer AlasI want to die Father, I pray, I pray Father, I pray, I pray.
Lipps - Funkytown.xml
Gotta make a move to a town that's right for me. Town to keep me movin', keep me groovin' with some energy. Well I Talk about it, talk about it, talk about it, talk about it. Talk about, talk about, talk about movin'. Gotta move on. Gotta move on. Gotta move on. Won't you take me to funkytown Won't you take me to funkytown Won't you take me to funkytown Won't you take me to funkytown
Louis Lambert - When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again.xml.1
When Johnny come marching home again, Hurrah, hurrah. We'll give him a hearty welcome then, Hurrah, hurrah. The men will cheer, the boys will shout, the ladies, they will all turn out. And we'll all feel gay when Johnny comes marching home. The old church bell will peal with joy, Hurrah, hurrah To welcome home our darling boys Hurrah, Hurrah. The village lads and lassies say, With roses they will strew the way, And we'll all feel gay when Johnny comes marching home.
Alan Block, Don Hecht - take a letter miss jones.xml
I go out walkin' after midnight, out in the starlight, just like we used to do, I'm always walkin' after midnight, searchin' for you. I walk for miles, along the highway, well, that's just my way of sayin', "I love you." I'm always walkin' after midnight, searchin' for you. I stopped to see a weeping willow Crying on his pillow maybe he's crying for me. and as the skies turn gloomy Night winds whisper to me I'm lonesome as I can be. I go out walkin' after midnight out in the starlight just like we used to do, I'm always walkin' after midnight searching for you. I walk for miles, along the highway, well, that's just my way of sayin', "I love you." I'm always walkin' after midnight, searchin' for you. I stopped to see a weeping willow Crying on his pillow maybe he's crying for me. and as the skies turn gloomy Night winds whisper to me I'm lonesome as I can be. I go out walkin' after midnight, out in the starlight, just a hopin' you may be somewhere awalkin' after midnight, searchin' for me..
Willie Dixon - I Just Want To Make Love To You.xml
I don't want you to be no slave, I don't want you work all day, I don't want you to be true. I Just Want To Make Love To You. I don't want you to wash my clothes, I don't want you keep our home, I don't want your money too. I Just Want To Make Love To You.
Graham Edwards, Lauren Christy - I'm with you.xml
i'm standing on the bridge, I'm waiting in the dark, I thought that you'd be here, by now. There's nothing but the rain, No foot steps on the ground, I'm list en ing but there's no sound. Isn't a nyone trying to find me, won't some body come take me home. It's a damn cold night, I try to fi-gure out this life, won't you take me by the hand take me somewhere new. I don't know who you are but I, I'm with you I'm with you. I'm look ing for a place, I'm search ing for a face, Is anybody here I know. Cause nothing's go ing right, And everythings a mess And no one likes to be a lone Why is everything so con fu sing May be I'm just out of my mind Yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah yeah It's a damn cold night I try to figure out this life Won't you take me by the hand take me some where new I don't know wha yonare but I I'm with you I'm with you Won't you take my by the hand take me some where new I don't know who you are but I I'm with you I'm with you I'm with you
Ben E. King, Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller - Stand By Me.xml
When the night has come and the land is dark, And the moon is the only light we'll see. No I won't be afraid, No I won't be afraid Just as long as you stand, stand by me. So darling, darling stand by me, Oh, stand by me, Oh, stand , stand by me, stand by me, If the sea that we look upon should tumble and fall, or the mountain should crumble in the sea. I won't cry, I won't cry, No I won't shed a tear Just as long as you stand, stand by me. So darling, darling, stand by me, Oh, stand by me, Oh, stand stand by me, stand by me When the stand by me.
Count Basie, Jerry Livingston, Mack  David - Blue And Sentimental.xml
Blue and sentimental, my dreams are blue dreams, just wont come true dreams, I find. Blue and sentimental, I can't forget you, my heart won't let you out of my mind. It rains all the time since you said "Goodbye." The skies and my eyes and my heart all cry. Blue and sentimental, if you don't want me why do you haunt me and keep me feeling blue and sentimental? mental?
Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim - America.xml
I like to be in America okay by me in America Evrything free in America for a small fee in America I like the city of San Juan I know a boat you can get on Hundreds of flowers in full bloom Hundreds of peoole in each room Automobile in America Chromium steel in America Wire spoke wheel in Amerrica Very big deal in America I'll drive a Buick through San Juan If ther'es a road you can drive on I'll give my cousins a free ride How you fit all of them inside?
Vivian Ellis, A.P.Herbert - This Is My Lovely Day.xml
This is my lovely dayThis is the day I shall remember the day I'm dying They can't take this aIt will be always mine, the sun and the wine, The seabirds crying. All happiness must pay, And who can tell if fate means well, Or the sky is lying? But look at me and say you will remember too that this was our lovely day. I'll remember, I'll remember When the time has come for happiness to pay. Sad and sighing, Old and dying, I'll remember how we loved our lovely day, our lovely day, our lovely day.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - We Kiss In A Shadow.xml
We kiss in a shadow we hide from the moon our meetings are few and over too soon we speak in a whisper afraid to be heard when people are near we speak not a word Alone in our secret together we sigh for one smiling day to be free to kiss in the sunlight and say to the sky behold and believe what you see behold how my lover loves me.
Bennie Benjemen, Eddie Seiler, Sol Marcus - When the Lights Go On Again.xml
When the lights go on again all over the world and the boys are home again all over the world and rain or snow is all that may fall from the skies above a kiss wont mean goodbye but hello to love when the lights go on again all over the world and the ships will sail again all over the world then we'll have time for things like wedding rings and free hearts will sing when the lights go on again all over the world.
Sammy Fain, Paul Francis Webster - A Certain Smile.xml
A certain smile, a certain face, Can lead and unsuspecting heart on a merry chase; A fleeting glance can say so many lovely things, Suddenly you know why my heart sings. You love a while, and when love goes, You try to hide the tears inside with a cheefful pose; But in the hush of night exactly like a bittersweet refrain, Comes that certain smile to haunt your heart again. A certain gain.
Al Nevins, Morty Nevins, Buck Ram - Twilight Time.xml
Heavenly shades of night are falling, it's twilight time. Out of the mist your voice is calling, it's twilight time. When purple colored curtains mark the end of day, I hear you, my dear, at twilight time.
Leonard Bernstein, Stephen Sondheim - Maria.xml
The most beautiful sound I ever heard: Maria, Maria, Maria, Maria, All the beautiful sounds of the world in a single word: Maria, Maria, Maria, Mari a, Maria, Maria. Maria, I've just met a girl named Maria, And suddenly that name will never be the same to me. Maria! I've just kissed a girl named Maria, And sundenly I've found how wonderful a sound can be! Maria! Say it loud and there's music playing. Say it soft and it's almost like praying. Maria, I'll never stop saying "Maria."
Louiguy (Louis Guglielmi) 1950, French lyrics: Jacques Larue, English lyrics: Mack  David - Cherry  Pink And Apple Blossom White.xml
It's cherry pink and apple blossom white when your true lover comes your way It's cherry pink and apple blossom white The poets say the sto ry goes that once a cherry tree beside an apple tree did grow And there a boy once met his bride to be long, long ago The boy looked into her eyes it was a sight to enthrall the breezes joined in their sighs The blossoms started to fall And so they gently caressed the lovers looked up to find The branchesof the two trees were inter twined and that is why the poets always write If there's a new moon bright above It's cherry pink and apple blossom white When you're in love.
Don Gibson - Too Soon To Know.xml
It's too soon to know if I can forget her. My heart's been broken in too many pieces And it's too soon to know. Time pases slow, Will I ever know if I can forget her and not let it show, But it's too soon to know. News travels fast when a love affair ends. People keep asking, "What happened to them?" But it's foo soon to know if I can forget her, My heart's been broken in too many pieces, And it's too soon to know
Harold Fraser-Simpson, Harry Graham - Love Will Find A Way.xml
Whate'er befall, I still recall that sunlit mountain side! Where hearts are true, and skies are blue, and Love's the only guide! If faithful to my trust I stay, No fate can fill me with dismay! Love holds the key to set me free and Love will find a way!
Eddie F. Setser, Troy Harold Seals - Seven Spanish Angels.xml
He looked down intoher brown eyes and said say a prayer for me then she threw her arms around him whisperedGod will keep us free they could hear the riders coming he said this is my last fight if they take me back to Texas they wont take me back alive se ven Spanishangels at the alter of the sun they were praying for the lovers in the valley of the gun when the battle stopped and the smoke cleared there was thunder from the throne seven Span ish angels took another angel home.
Johnny Hodges, Duke Ellington, Pat Stewart - Starting With You.xml
I gave it all I had. But it just turned out bad. After all this trouble I know what to do, Starting with you I'm through. Love did me up real good. Showed me just where I stood. So I'm turning from a one way avenue Starting with you I'm through. We talked, we kissed, that cornered my mind. You hit, I missed, you took the lead, I tagged behind. Now that I'm wide awake, you took the last you'll take. Let's be sure you understand my point of view. Starting With You, I'm through.
various - Old time waltz medley.xml
Oh give me a home where the buffalo roam where the deer and the antelope play where never is hear a discouraging word and the skies are not cloudyall day. home home on the range where the deer and the antelope play where never is heard a discouraging word and the skies are not cloudy all day Somewhere the sun is shining somewhere the songbirds dwell hush then they sad repining God lives and all is well somewhere somewhere beautiful isle of some where land of the true where we live anew Beautiful isle of somewhere Believe me if all those endearing young charms which I gaze on so fondly today were to change by tomorrow and flee from my arms like fairy gifts fading away thou wouldst still be adored as this moment thou art, Let thy loveliness fade as it will and around the dear ruineach wish of my heart would entwine itself ver dantly still I love you ad I never loved before since first I met you on the village greeen come to me or my dream of love is o'er I love you as I loved you when you were sweet when you were sweet sixteen Soft as the voice of an angel breathing a lesson unheard Hope with a gentle persuasion whisers her comforting word wait till the darkness is over wait till the tempest is done hope for the sunshine tomorrow after the shower is gone Whis per ing hope oh how wel come thy voice mak ing my heart in its sor row rejoice
Harry Warren & Mort Dixon - Nagasaki.xml
Hot ginger and dynamite There's nothing but that at night Back in Naga saki where the fellers chew tobaccy And the women wicky wacky woo. The way they can enter tain Would hurry a hurricane Back in Nagasaki where the fellers chew toaccy And the women wicky wacky woo. Oh! Fujiama You get a mommer, and then your troubles increase. In some pagoda She orders soda The earth skakes milk shakes ten cents a piece. They kissee and hugee nice By jingo it's worth the price Back in Nagasaki where the fellers chew tobaccy anr the women wicky wacky woo.
Samuel Ward, Katherine Lee Bates - America The Beautiful.xml
O beautilful for spacious skies For amber waves of grain. For purple mountain majesties Above the fruited plains. America! America! God shed his grace on thee, And crown thy good with brotherhood, From sea to shining sea!
Duke Ellington - Sophisticated Lady.xml
They say into your early life romance came, and in this heart of yours burned a flame, A flame that flickered one day and died away. Then, with disillusion deep in your eyes, you learned that fools in love soon grow wis, The years have changed you, somehow; I see you now... Smoking, drinking, never thinking of tomorrow, nonchalant, Diamonds shining dancing, dining with some man in a restaurant, Is that all you really want? No sophisticated lady, I know you miss the Love you lost long ago, and when nobody is nigh you
Tony Hatch - DOWNTOWN.xml
When you're a lone and life is mak ing you lone ly, you can al ways go DOWN TOWN When you've got wor ries, all the noise and the hur ry seems to help, I know DOWN TOWN Just lis ten to the mu sic of the traf fic in the ci ty Ling er on the side walk where the ne on signs are pret ty How can you lose? The lights are much bright er there you can for get all your trou les for get all your cares. So go DOWN TOWN things 'll be great when you're DOWN TOWN No fin er place for sure, DOWN TOWN Ev 'ry thing's wait ing for you DOWN TOWN. you DOWN TOWN
Paul Francis Webster & Hugo W. Friedhofer - Boy On A Dolphin.xml
There's a tale that they tell of a dolphin and a boy made of gold. With the shells and the pearls in the deep, he has lain many years fast asleep. What they tell of the boy on a dolphin who can say if it's true. Should he rise from the depths of the ocean, any wish that you wish will come true. You say he's onlya statue, and what can a statue achieve. And yet, while I'm gazing at you, my heart tells my head to believe. If the boy whom the gods have enchanted should arise from the sea and that wish of my heart could be granted, I would wish that you love only me.
Ernesto Lecuona, English Lyrics by Dolly Morse - Siboney.xml
Siboney, that's the tune that they croon at you down Havana way, Siboney, that's the dance that they dance at the cafe. And that tune brings you dreams so it seems underneath the silver moon. As they play Siboney, ev'ry care will fade a way. Fascinating, captivating, Siboney
Carl Belew and W. S. Steveson - Am I That Easy To Forget.xml
You say you've found somebody new but that won't stop my lovin' you. I just can't let you walk away... forget the love I had for you. Guess I could find somebody too but I don't want no one but you. How could you leave without regret? Am I that easy to forget? Before you leave be sure you find you want his love much more than mine. Cause I'll just say we've never met if I'm that easy to forget. Before you leave be sure you find you want his love much more than mine. Cause I'll just say we've never met if I'm that easy to forget. If I'm that easy to forget.
L. Shay, C. Tobias, W. Jerome - Get Out And Get Under The Moon.xml
What d' ya do in the ev'ning When you don't know what to do Read a book? play a game? Ev'ry night is just the same. What d' ya say if I tell you How to keep from feeling blue. My advice is good to take And it's easier to do. When you're all alone any old night, And you're feelingout of tune, Pick up your hat, Close up your flat get out and get under the moon. Underneath the bright silvery light You'll be feeling better soon. Pick up your hat, Close up your flat get out and get under the moon. Look, Look, Look at the stars above Look, Look, Look at those sweeties love. Oh boy! give me a night in June I mean it all ya gotta do any old night When you're feeling out of tune, Pick up your hat, Close up your flat get out and get under the moon.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin, DuBose and Dorothy Heyward - I Loves You Porgy.xml
I wants to stay here, but I ain't worthy. You is too decent to undestan', for when I see him, he hypnotize me when he take hol' of me with his hot han'. Someday I know he's comin' back to call me. He's goin' to handle me an' hol' ,me so. It's goin' to be like dyin', Porgy, deep inside me. But when he calls, I kknow I have to go. I loves you, Porgy, don' let him take me, don' let him handle me an' drive me mad. If you kin keep me, I wants to stay here wid you forever, an' I'd be glad.
James W. Blake, Charles B. Lawlor - The Sidewalks Of New York.xml
Down in front of Casey's old brown wooden stoop On a summer's ev'ning we formed a merry group. Boys and girls together we would sing and waltz While Tony played the organ on the sidewalks of New York. East side Westside all around the town, The tots sang "ringarosie", "London bridge is falling down." Boys and girls together, Me and Mamie O'Rorke, Tripped the light fantastic on the sidewalks of New York York.
John Barry, Leslie Bricusse - You Only Live Twice.xml
You only live twice or so it seems. One life for youself and one for your dreams. You drift through the years and life seems tame, Till one dream appears and love is it's name. And love is a stranger who'll beckon you on. Don't think of the danger or the stranger is gone. This dream is for you, So pay the price. Make one dream come true, You only live twice. twice.
James Vincent Monaco, Joe McCarthy - If We Can't Be The Same Old Sweethearts.xml
If we can't be the same old sweethearts, Then we'll just be the same old friends, For I want someone like you, Just to tell my troubles to, My happiness on you it all depends; For I've known you too long to forget you, And my old dream of love never ends, Tho' I know you can't be mine, We will meet from time to eime, And we'll just be the same old friends.
Rudolf  Friml, Brian Hooker - Some Day.xml
Some day you will seek me and find me. Some day of the days that shall be. Surely you will come and remind me of a dream that is calling for you and for me. Some day when the winter is over Some day in the flush of the Spring My soul shall discover, the soul born for her loveer, the man with the heart of a king.
Roger Miller - King of the Road.xml
Trailer__ for sale or rent;___ Rooms _ to let, fifty cents; __ No phone, __ no pool no pets; ___ I ain't got no cigarettes. __ Ah, but two hours   of pushin' broom_ Buys an eight __ by twelve __ fourbit room. ___ I'm a man of means by no means, King _ of the Road.   Third box _ car, midnight train; ___ Des  tination Bangor, Maine; _ Old worn __ out suit and shoes; __ I don't pay no union dues. __ I smoke old sto  gies I have found, Short, __ but not too big around. ___ I'm a Road.   I know
Carole Bayer Sager, Peter Allen - Don't Cry Out Loud.xml
Baby cried the day the circus came to town cause she didn't like parades just passin by her so she painted on a smile and took up with some clown and she danced without a net upon the wire I know a lot about her cause you see Baby is an awful lot like me we don't cry out loud we keep it inside learn how to hide our feelings fly high and proud and if you should fall remember you almost had it all almost had it all.
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - Dancing In The Dark.xml
Dancin in the dark till the tune ends, we're cancing in the dark and it soon ends; we're waltzing in the wonder of why we're here. Time hurries by, we're here and gone. Looking for the light of a new love to brighten up the night, I have you, love, and we can face the music together, Dancing in the dark.
Dave Dreyer, Billy Rose - Back In Your Own Backyard.xml
The bird with feathers of blue is waiting for you back in your own backyard you'll see your castle in Spain through your window pane back in your won back yard Oh you can go to the east go to the west but someday you'll come weary at heart back where you started from you'll find your happiness lies right un=der your eyes back in your own back yard the bird with yard
Eliot Daniel, Harold Adamson - I Love Lucy.xml
I love Lucy and she loves me, we're as happy as two can be. Sometimes we quarrel but then, how we love making up again. Lucy kisses like no one can. She's my missus and I'm her man; And life is heaven you see, 'cause I love lucy, yes, I love Lucy and Lucy loves me.
Antoine Domino & Dave Bartholomew - Ain't That A Shame.xml
You made me cry when you said Goodbye AIN'T THAT A SHAME1 My tears fell like rain AIN'T THAT A SHAME1 You're the one to blame. Oh well goodbye although I'll cry, AIN'T THAT A SHAME1 My tears fell like rain, AIN'T THAT A SHAME1 You're the one to blame. You broke my heart when you said we'll part blame.
Phil Johnson and Bob Benson - Give Them All To Jesus.xml
are you tired of chas ing pret ty rain bows and are you tired of spin inb round and round wrap up all the shat tered dreams of your life and at the feet of Je sus lay them down give them all give them all give them all to Je sus shat tered dreams wound ed hearts brok en toys give them all give them all give them all to Je sus and He will turn your sor row in to joy He nev er said you'd on ly see sun shine and He nev er said there'd be no rain He on ly prom ised a heart full of sing ing a bout the ve ry things that once brought pain give them all give them all give them all to Je sus shat tered dreams wound ed hearts brok en toys give them all give them all give them all to Je sus and He will turn your sor row in to joy
Billy Hayes, Jay Johnson - Blue Christmas.xml
I'll have a blue Christmas, without you. I'll be so blue thinking about you. Decorations of red on a green Christmas tree won't mean a thing if you're not hear with me. I'll have a blue Christmas, that's certain, And when that blue heartache starts hurtin', you'll be doin' all right, with your Christmas of white, but I'll have a blue, Blue Christmas. I'll have a Christmas.
Cole  Porter - At Long Last Love.xml
Is it an earthquake or simply a shock? Is it the good turtle soup, or merely a mock? Is it a cocktail, this feeling of joy, Or is what I feel the real Mc Coy? Is it for all time, or simply a lark? Is it Granada I see or only Asbury Park? Is it a fancy not worth thinking of? Or is it at long last love? Is it an love?
Jimmy McHugh, Harold Adamson - Coming in on a wing and a prayer.xml
One of our planes was missing Two hours over due One of our planes was missing with all its gallant crew, The radio sets were humming they waited for a word; Then a voice broke thru' the humming and this is what they heard Com ing in on a wing and a prayer, coming in on a wing and a prayer Tho' there's one motor gone, we can still carty on Coming in on a wing and a prayer. What a show what a fight yes, we really hit our target for tonight How we sing as we limp thru the air look below there's our field over there with our full crew aboard and out trust in the Lord, we're coming in on a wing and a prayer.
Sid Lippman, Buddy Kaye, Fred Wise - 'A' You're Adorable.xml
"A" you're adora ble, "B" you're so beautiful "C" you're a cutie full of charms. "D" you're a darling and "E" you're exciting and "F" you're a feather in my arms. "G" you look good to me, "H" you're so heavenly, "I" you're the one I idolise "J" you're like Jack and Jill "K" you're so kissable, "L" is the lovelight in your eyes. "M" "N" "O" "P" I could go on all day. "Q" "R" "S" "T" alpha betically speaking you're okay. "U" made my life complete "V" means you're very sweet doub le "U" "X" "Y" "Z" It's fun to wander thro' the alphabet with you to tell you what you mean to me.
Hans Bouwens - Paloma Blanca.xml
When the sun shines on the mountains and the night is on run It's a new day it's a new way. and I fly up to the sun I can feel the morning sunlight I can smell the newborn hay. I can hear God's voices calling. from my golden skylight way Oh, la Paloma blanca I'm just a bird in the sky. Oh la Paloma blanca. Over the mountains I fly no one can take my freedom a way Once I had my share of losing once they locked me on a chain. Yes they tried to break my pow er oh I still can feel the pain No one can take my freedom away When the
Arthur Johnston, Sam Coslow - MOON SONG (That Was't Meant For Me).xml
It came from nowhere the night that we met twas like a melodious plea. Sweet Moon Song that wasn't meant for me. Why is it always reminding me of a love dreamed that never could be. Sweet Moon Song that wasn't meant for me. It came gliding into my heart riding on a moon beam from above. Sorrow ended and the whole world blended in a rapsody of love. Then I heard him singing to somebody else what I thought was my melody. Sweet Moon Song that wasn't meant for me. I heard him singing to somebody else what I thought was my melody. Sweet Moon Song that wasn't meant for me.
Annie Lennox, David A. Stewart - Sweet Dreams.xml
Sweet Dreams are made of this, who am I to disagrees? I travel the world and the seven seas, ev'rybody's looking for something. Some of them want to use you, some of them want to get used by you, some of them want to abuse you, some of them want to be abused. Hold your head up, keep your head up, movin' on. Hold your head up, movin' on. Keep your head up, movin' on. Hold your head up, movin' on. Keep your head up, movin' on. Hold your head up, movin' on, Keep your head up.
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - I Wonder Where My Baby Is Tonight.xml
I wonder where my baby is tonight? I wonder how my baby is tonight? I woner where she's gone, And how she's getting on; I wonder why my baby doesn't write, If she came back I wonder what I'd do? I wonder did she find somebody new; She didn't treat me fair, And tho' I shouldn't care; I wonder where my baby is tonight? I wonder does my baby do the Charleston Charleston I wonder who is teaching her the Charleston Charleston While I sit and sigh, the time goes draggin' by; I'd like to kill the guy that wrote the Charleston Charleston. We parted 'cause I couldn't do the Charleston Charleston She'd still be here if I could do the Charleston Charleston I'm takin' lessons now; I'll win her back somehow I wonder where my baby is tonight. I night.
Ernest Tubb, Talmadge Tubb - Waltz Across Texas.xml
When we dance to geth er my worlds in dis guise Its a fai rylandtale thats come true And when you look at me with those stars in your eyes I could waltz across Texas with you Waltz across Texas with you in my arms waltz across Texas with you like a story book endingI'm lost in your charms and I'll waltz a cross Tex as with you
Jimmy Buffett - Pencil Thin Mustache.xml
Now they make new movies in old black and white With happy endings where nobody fights, So if you find yourself in that nostalgic rage, honey jump right up And show your age. I wish had pencil thin mustache, The Boston Blackie kind. A twotoned Ricky Ricar`do jacket and an autographed picture of Andy Divine. I remember bein' bucktoothed and skinny Writing fan letters to Sky's niece, Penny. Oh I wish I had a pencil thin mustache, Then I could solve some mysteries too. Then it's Bandstand, Disneyland, growin' up fast, Drinkin' on a fake I. D. Yeah, and Rama of the Jungle was ev'ryone's Bawana, And only jazz musicians were smoking marijuna, Yeah I wish had pencil thin mustache, Then I could solve some mysteries too. Then it's flattop, dirty bop, copin' a feel, Grubbin' on the living room              floor.  (so sore) They send you off to college, try to gain a little knowledge When all you want to do is learn how to score. Yeah, but Now I'm gettin' old, don't wear underware; I don't go to church And I don't cut my hair, But I can go to movies and see it all there, Just the way it used to be. That's why I wish had pencil thin mustache, The Boston Blackie kind. A twotoned RickRicardo ` jacket and an autographed picture of Andy Divine, Oh I could be anyone I wanted to be; A suave Errol Flynn or the Sheik of Araby If I only had a pencil thin mustache, Then I could do some movies too. Yeah, BrylCream, a little dab 'll do ya' Oh, I could do some movies too.
Delores Vicky Silvers - Learning the Blues.xml
The tables are empty, the dance floor's deserted play the same love song, its the tenth time you've heard it. That's the beginning, just one of the clues, You've had your first lesson in learnin' the blues. The cigarettes When you're out in a crowd, the blues will taunt you constantly. When you're out in a crowd, the blues will haunt your memory The nights when you dont sleep, the whole night you're cryin' But you cant forget her, soon you even stop tryin' You'll walk the floor and wear out your shoes, When you feel your you're learnin' the
Sammy Fain, Irving Kahal - I'll be seeing you.xml
I'll be see ing you in all the old familiar places That this heart of mine embraces All day through In that small cafe the park accross the way The children's carousel the chestnut trees the wishing well. I'll be seeing you in ev ery lovely summer's day In every thing that's light and gay, I'll always think of you that way I'll see you in the morning sun And when the night is through I'll be looking at the moon, But I'll be seeing you.
Jerry Herman - If He Walked Into My Life.xml
Did he need a stronger hand? Did he need a lighter touch? Was I soft or was I tough? Did I give enough? Did I give too much? At the motment that he needed me, did I ever turn a round? Would I be there when he called, If he walked into my life today. Were his days a little dull? Were his nights a little wild? Did I over state my plan? Did I stress the man? And forget the child. And there must have been a million things, That my heart forgot to say. Would I think of one or two, If he walked into my llife to day. Should I blame the times I pampered him or blame the times I bossed him What a shame I never really found the guy, before I lost him. Were the years a little fast? Was his world a little free? Was there too much of a crowd? All too lush and loud and not enough of me. Though I'll ask myself my whole life long, What went wrong along the way; Would I make the same mistakes If he walked into my life today? If that guy with the bugle Walked into my life today.
Noel Sherman, Joe Sherman - Ramblin' Rose.xml
Ramblin' rose ramblin' rose why you ramble noone knows wild and windblown thats how you've grown who can cling to a ramblin' rose? ramblin' rose ramb lin' rose why I want you heaven knows tho' I love you with a love true, who can cling to a rambling rose?.
Jimmy McHugh, Dorothy Fields - Don't Blame Me.xml
Don't blame me, for falling in love with you. I'm under you spell but how can I help it! Don't blame me. Can't you see, when you do the things you do. If I can't conseal, the thrill that I'm feeling Don't blame me! I can't help it if that doggoned moon above makes me need somone like you to love! Blame your kiss, as sweet as a kiss can be and blame all your charms, that melt in my arms but don't blame me! me!
A. Hume, P. Livingstone - A Guid New Year.xml
A Guid New Year to ane and a' An' mony may ye see An' during a' the years to come, O happy may ye be An' may ye ne'er hae cause to mourn To sigh or shed a tear, To ane an' a' baith great an' sma' A hearty guid New Year. A Guid New Year to ane an' a' An' mony may ye see; An' during a' the years to come, O happy may ye be.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Bidin' My Time.xml
I'm bidin' my time, 'Cause that's the kinda guy I'm. While other folks grow dizzy I keep busy bidin' my time. Next year, Next year, somethin's bound to happen. This year, this year, I'll just keep on nappin' and bidin' my time 'Cause that's the kinda guy I'm. There's no regrettin when I'm settin' bidin' my time. I'm bidin' my time, 'Cause thhat's the kinda guy I'm. Be ginnin' on a Monday right thru Sunday, bidin' my time. Give me, give me, glass that's full of tinkle. Let me, let me, dream like Rip Van Winkle. He bided his time. And like that Winkle guy I'm. Just chasin' way flies, how the day flies, bidin' my
Traditional Catholic, Ignatz Franz - Holy God, We Praise Thy Name.xml
Holy God we praise Thy name. Lord of all we bow before Thee; All on earth Thy scepter claims, All in heav'n above adore Thee, Infinite Thy vast domain, Ever lasting is Thy reign. Infinite Thy vast domain, Everlasting is Thy reign.
Jimmy Van Husen, Johnny Burke - Polka Dots and Moonbeams.xml
A country dance was being held in a garden, I felt a bump and heard an "Oh, beg you pardon," Suddenly I saw polkadots and moonbeams All around a pugnosed dream The music started and was I the perplexed one, I held my breath and said "May I have the next one?" In my frightended arms polka dots and moonbeams sparkled on a pugnosed dream. There were questions in the eyes of other dancers As we floated over the floor. There were questions but my heart knew all the answers, And perhaps a few things more. Now in a cottage built of lilacs and laughter I know the meaning of the words "ever after" And I'll always see polka dots and moonbeams When I kiss the pugnosed dream.
Count Basie, Ed Durham, Jimmy Rushing - Sent For You Yesterday.xml
Don't the moon look lonesome shinnin' through the trees? Don't the moon look lonesome shinnin' through the trees? Don't your house look lonesome when your baby packs up to leave? Sent for you yesterday and here you come today, Sent for you yesterday and here you come today, you can't love me baby and treat me thataway.
Stuart Hamblen - (Remember Me) I'm The One Who Loves You.xml
When you're all alone and blue noone to tell your troubles to remember me I'm the one who loves you when the world has turned you down not a true friend can be found remember me I'm the one who loves you and thru all kinds of weather you'll find I'll never change thru the sunshine and the shadows I'll always be the same we're together right or wrong where you go I'll tag along remember me I'm the one who loves you.
Michael Card 1983 - Love Crucified Arose.xml
long a go He blessed the earth both old er than the years and in the stall a cross He saw through the first of man y tears a life of home less wan der ing cast out in sor rows way the Shep herd seek ing for the lost His life the price He'd pay Love cru ci fied a rose the ris en One in splen dor Je hov ah's sole De fen der has won the vic to ry Love cru ci fied a rose and the grave be came a place of hope for the heart that sin and sor row broke is beat ing once a gain through out your life you felt the weight of what you'd come to give to drink for us that crimson cup so we might real ly live at last the time to love and die the dark a ap point ed day that one for sak en mo ment when your Fa ther turned His love cru ci fied a rose the ris en One in splen dor Je hov ah's sole De fen der has won the vic to ry Love cru ci fied a rose and the grave be came a place of hope for the heart that sin and sor row broke is beat ing once a gain love cru ci fied a rose the ris en One in splen dor Je hov ah's sole De fen der has won the vic to ry Love cru ci fied a rose and the grave be came a place of hope for the heart that sin and sor row broke is beat ing once a gain
Friedrich Hollander, English Lyrics by Reg Connelly - Falling In Love Again (Ich bin von Kopf bis Fu Auf Liebe eingestellt,).xml
I often stop and wonder why I appeal to men, how many times I blunder in love and out again. They offer me devotion I like it I confess. When I reflect emo tion there's no need to guess. I'm Falling in love again, Nev er wanted to; What am I to do? I can't help it! Love's always been my game, Play it how I may, I was made that way; I can't help it! Men cluster to me, Like moths around a flame; And+ if their wings burn, I know I'm not to blame Falling in love again, Nev er wanted to; What am I to do? I can't help it! I'm Ich bin von Kopf bis Fuß auf Liebe eingestellt Denn das ist meine Welt. Und sonst garnichts. Das ist, was soll ich machen Meine Natur Ich kann halt Lieben nur Und sonst garnichts Männer umschwirrn mich wie Motten um das Licht und wenn sie verbrennen Ja dafür kann ich nicht. Ich bin von Kopf bis Fuß auf Liebe eingestellt, denn das ist Meine Welt und sonst help it!
Roger Nichols, Bill Lane - Times Of Your Life.xml
Good morning yesterday, You wake up and time has slipped away, And suddenly it's hard to find the memories you left behind remember, Do you remember the laughter and the tears, the shaddows of misty yesteryears? The good times and the bad you've seen and all the others in between, remember. Do you remember the times of your life? Reac back for the joy and the sorrow, put them away in your mind, for mem'ries are tiome that you borrow to spend when you get to tomorrow. Here comes the setting sun, The seasons are passing one by one so gather moments while you may, Collect the dreams you dream today, remember. Will you remember the times of your life" life? of your life of your life? Do you remember baby, do you remember the times of your life?
Violent Femmes - BLISTER IN THE SUN.xml
When I am walk in' I strut my stuff Man, I'm so strung out I'm high as a kite I just might Stop to check you out LET ME GO ON Like A BLIST ER IN THE SUN LET ME GO ON Big hands I know you're the one Bod y and beats I stain the sheets I don't ev en know why My girl friend she's at the end She is start ing to cry LET ME GO ON Like A BLIST ER IN THE SUN LET ME GO ON Dan I lo I know you're the one
Riley Mau - Don't Stop Believin'.xml
Just a small town girl livin in a lonely world She took a midnight train goin' anywhere Just City boy born and raised in south detroit He took a midnight train goin' anywehre stangers waiting up and down the boulevard their shadows searching in the night Don't Stop Believing Hold on to that feelin Streetlight people
Traditional - Hail. Holy Queen.xml
Hail Holy Queen en throned above, oh Maria. Hail Mother of mercy and of love, oh Maria. Triumph all ye cherubim, sing with us ye seraphim. Heaven and earth resound the hymn Salve, Salve, salve Regina. Hail Holy Queen en throned above, oh Maria Hail Mother of mercy and of love, oh Ma ria. Triumph all ye cherubim, sing with us ye seraphim. Heaven and earth resound the hymn. Salve, Salve, salve Regina. Our life, our sweetness here below; oh oh Mari a Our hope in sorrow and in woe; oh, oh, oh, Maria Triumph all ye cherubim, sing with us ye seraphim. Heaven and earth resound the hymn. Salve, Salve, salve Regina. ALleluia. Mater amaterintermerata, sanctus, sanctus, Dominus, Virgo respice mater ad spice, sanctus, sanctus, Dominus. Alleluia Our salve Regina, oh oh, salve Regina.
Michel Legrand, Michel Legrand (English Lyrics: Norman Gimbel) - Watch What Happens (Real Book Version).xml.1
Let someone start believing in you, Let him hold out his hand, Let him touch you and watch what happens. One someone who can look in your eyes, And see into your heart, Let him find you and watch what happens. Cold No I won't believe your heart is cold. maybe just afraid to be broken again. Let someone with a deep love to give, Give that deep love to you, Let him find you and see. Let someone give his heart, Someone who cares like me. me.
Lewis F. Muir, L.Wolfe Gilbert - Waiting For The Robert E. Lee.xml
Way down on the levee in old Al abamy There's daddy and mammy there's Ephriam and Sammy, on a moon light night you can find them all, While they are waitin' the banjos are syncopatin'. What's that they're sayin' What's that they're sayin? While they keep playin' hummin' and swayin' It's the good ship Robert E Lee that's come to carry the cotton away, Watch them shufflin' along See them shufflin' along Go take your best gal real pal, Go doen to the levee, I said to the levee and Join that shufflin' throngHear that music and song It's simply great mate, Waitin' on the levee, Waitin' for the Robert E. Lee The whistles are blowin' the smokestacks are showin' The ropes they are throwin' excuse me, I'm goin' To the place where all is harmonious, Even the preacher, he is the danceing teacher Have you been down there? Were you around there? If you ever go there you'll always be found there, Why doggone, here comes my baby On the good old Robert E. Lee. Lee.
James F. Hanley, Ballard Mac Donald - Indiana.xml
Back home again in Indiana, and it seems that I can see the gleaming candlelight still shining bright thru the sycamores for me. The new mown hay sends all it's fragrance from the fields I used to roam. When I dream about the moonlight on the Wabash, then I long for my Indiana home. Back home again.
Frederick Hollander, Dr. Seuss - Because We're Kids.xml.2
Now just because we're kids because we're sort of small because we're closer to the ground and you are bigger by the pound you have no right you have no right to push and shove us little kids around now just because you're throat has got a deeper voice and lots of wind to blow it at little kids who don't dare shout you have no right you have no right to boss and beat us little kids around just because you've whiskers on your face to shave you tret us like a slave so what? it's only hair just because you wear your wallet near your heart you think you're twice as smart you know it isn't fair but we'll grow up someday and when we do I pray we won't just grow in size and sound and just be bigger by the pound I'd hate to grow like some I know who push and shove the little kids around shove the little kids around just because we're kids
Richard Adler, Jerry Ross - You've Got To Have Heart.xml
You've got ta have heart all you really need is heart when the odds are saying you'll never win thats when the grin should start you've got to have hope mustn't sit around and mope nothings half as bad as it may appear wait 'll next year and hope when your luck is battin zero get your chin up off the floor mister you can be a hero you can open any door there's nothin to it but to do it you've got to have heart miles n miles n miles of heart oh its fun to be a genius of course but keep that old horse before the cart first you've got to have heart! you've got to have first you've got to have heart.
Marvin Hamlisch, Edward Lawrence Kleban - One.xml
One singular sensation ev'ry little step she takes. One thrilling combination ev'ry move that she makes. One smile and suddenly nobody else will do. You know you'll never be lonely with you know who. One moment in her presence and you can forget the rest. for the girl is second best to none. son. Oooh! sigh! give her your attention. Do I really have to mention she's the one!
Jonathan Coulton - Tom Cruise Crazy.xml
Tom Cruise is so in love with Katie. At least all his people tell him so, and while he thinks that she's a very special lady, it's prob'ly not the way he'd choose to go. But a lifetime full of longing looks would cause too much distraction. Good thing that he's not gay anymore. Tom Cuise is Tom Cruise crazy just be glad it's him not you. If you had Tom Cruise's troubles, you might be Tom Cruise crazy too. You'd flash your big white shiny smile, you'd buy expensive shoes, but you'd be the only man on earth who couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise, oh no, you couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise is always getting older. He knows he'll never be that young again, and when Tom Cruise looks back over his shoulder he sees a thousand younger leading men. And he knows some day he'll have to play an old retarded grandpa, while someone younger plays his sexy son. Tom Cruise is Tom Cruise crazy. Just be glad it's him not you. If you had Tom Cruise's troubles, you might be Tom Cruise crazy too. You'd flash your big white shiny smile,you'd buy expensive shoes, but you'd be the only man on earth who couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise, oh no, you couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise hopes somewhere there's a place for him, 'cause he's not of this world anymore Somewhere in some secluded castle poor Tom Cruise sits staring at the wall. And the outside world is always such a hassle, sometimes he won't go out at all. There are millions who know his name. Ev'rybody loves him. Why is it that he feels so alone? Tom Cruise is Tom Cruise crazy. Just be glad it's him not you. If you had Tom Cruise's troubles, you might be Tom Cruise crazy too. You'd flash your big white shiny smile,you'd buy expensive shoes, but you'd be the only man on earth who couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise, oh no, you couldn't enjoy Tom Cruise.
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - I Got A Right To Sing the Blues.xml
I gotta right to sing the blues, I gotta right to feel low down, I gotta right to hand around, down around the river. A certain man in this old town keeps draggin' my poor heart around. All I see for me is misery. I gotta right to sing the blues, I gotta right to moan and sigh, I gotta right to sit and cry down around the river. I know the deep blue sea will soon be calling me. It must be love, say what you choose, I gotta right to sing the blues. I gotta
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - Let's Take the Long Way Home.xml
Let's take the long way home, Let's look for the long way home And on the way, let's pretend that this wonderful night won't end. Through Asia would be much too soon, We'll circle once around the moon, Our dream boat will carry us across the foam, We'll take the long way, make sure it's the wrong way, Let's take the long way home, Shall we fly Through the night, shall we dream as we go? See the star on your right, see the farm down below? The whole trip it appears, Only takes a million years. If you're in the mood to roam Then Let's take the long way home. home.
Bert Kalmar, Harry Ruby - Nevertheless (I'm In Love With You).xml
Maybe I'm right, and maybe I'm wrong, And maybe I'm weak and maybe I'm strong but Nevertheless I'm in love with you Maybe I''ll win and maybe I'll lose, and maybe I'm in, for cryin' the blues but Nevertheless, I'm in love with you. Somehow, I know at a glance the terrible chances I'm taking: fine at the start, thern lefr with a heart that is break ing Maybe I'll live a life of regret and maybe I'll give much more than I'll get; but Nevertheless I'm in love with you
Steve Gibb - She Believes In Me.xml
While she lays sleeping I stay out late at night and play my songs and sometimes all the nights can be so long and its good when I fin'ly make it home all alone while she lays dreaming I try to get undressed without the light then quietly she says "How was your night?" and I come to her and say it was all right and I hold her tight and she believes in me I"ll never know just what she sees in me I told her someday if she was my girl I could change the world with my little songs I was wrong but she has faith in me and so I go on trying faithfully and who knows maybe on some special night if my song is right I will find a way find a way While she lays while she waits while she waits for me
David Bennett, Fred Hamm, Bert Lowe, Chauncey Gray - Bye Bye Blues.xml
Bye bye blues, bye bye blues. Bells ring, birds sing, sun is shining. No more pining, just we two smiling thru. Don't sigh, don't cry, bye bye blues. blues.
Sammy King - Penny Arcade.xml.1
A light shone in the night somewhere ahead Blue turned into green, then it was re d. And stir ring the night Love mus ic played. The light I saw in the night was a penny ar cade. "Step up and play", each machine seemed to say as I walked round and round the penn y arcade "Just ring the bell on the big bag atelle and you'll make all the col oured lights cascade And mus ic played in the penn y arc ade. Well it played and it played, played all the time. "Roll up and spend your last dime!" At first I thought it a dream that I was in Lost, lost in a sea of glass and tin. But no, so dipping my hand in the back of my jeans I grabbed a hand ful of coins to feed the machines. dime!" "Step up and play", each machine seemed to say as I walked round and round the penn y arcade "Just ring the bell on the big bag atelle and you'll make all the col oured lights cascade And mus ic played in the penn y arc ade. Well it played and it played, played all the time. "Roll up and spend your last, "Roll up and spend your last, "Roll up and spend your last dime.
Jerome Kern, Ira Gershwin - Long Ago (And Far Away).xml
Long ago and far away I dreamed a dream on day, And now that dream is here beside me Long the skies were over cast, But now the clouds have passed, You're here at last! Chills run up and down my spine; aladdin's lamp is mine; The dream I dreamed was not denied me. Just one look and then I knew That all I longed for long ago was you.
Sharon Vaughn - My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys.xml
I grew up adreaming of being a cowboy and loving the cowboy ways pursuing the life of my highriding heroes I burned up my child hood days I learned all the rules of a modern day drifter dont you hold on to nothin too long just take what you need from the ladies then leave them with the words of a sad country song My heroes have al always been cowboys and they still are it seems sadly in search of and one step in back of themselves and their slow movin dreams Cowboys are special with,their own brand of mi s'ry from being alone too long you,could die from the cold in the arms of a nightmare knowing well thatyour best days are gone pickin up hookers instead of my pen I let the worlds of my youth fade away old worn out saddies and old worn out memries with no,one and no place to stay dreams
Jimmy van Heusen, Mack Gordon - You, My Love.xml
My love is ever you, my love, Now and forever you, my love. you walked into my lonely world, What peace of mind your smile unfurled Yes and because of you, my love, My wishful dreams came true, my love in my uncertain heart I am only certain of how much I love you, my love. love.
Oliver Holden, Edward Perronet - All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name.xml
All hail the pow'r of Jesus' name! Let angels prostrate fall. Bring forth the royal diadem And crown Him Lord of all. Bring forth the royal diadem and crown Him Lordof all.
African-American Spiritual - Were You There.xml
were you there when they cru ci fied my Lord were you there when the cru ci fied my Lord Oh some times it caus es me to trem ble trem ble trem ble were you there when they cru ci fied my Lord were you there when they nailed Him to the tree were you there when they nailed Him to the tree Oh some times it caus es me to trem ble trem ble trem ble were you there when they nailed Him to the tree? were you there when they laid Him in the tomb were you there when they laid Him in the tomb Oh some times it caus es me to trem ble trem ble trem ble were you there when the laid Him in the tomb were you there when He rose up from the dead were you there when He rose up from the dead Oh some times I feel like shout ing gl ry glo ry glo ry were you there when He rose up from the dead
Toto - Hold the line.xml
It's not in the way that you hold me It's not in the way you say you care It's not in the way you've been treating my friends It's not in the way that you'll stay till the end It's not in the way you look or the things that you say that you do Hold the line Love isn't always on time woh, woh, woh Hold the line Love isn't always on time woh, woh woh It's not in the words that you told me It's not in the way you say you're mine It's not in the way that you came back to me It's not in the way that your love set me free It's not in the way you look or the things that you say that you do Time woh, woh, woh
Dick Robertson, Nelson Cogane, Sammy Mysels - We Three (My Echo, My Shadow and Me).xml
We three we're all alone living in a memory my echo my shadow and me we three we're not a crowd we're not even company my echo my shadow and me what good is the moonlight the silvery moonlight that shines above? I walk with my shadow I talk with my echo but where is the one I love? we three we'll wait for you even till eternity my echo my shadow and me we me,
Mischa Spoliansky, Gus Kahn - The Hour Of Parting.xml
Love, the hour of parting is near, And in my heart I can hear The song we heard when I met you. Love, it was a night of romance, that all began with a dance. I never will forget a dreamy tango I still hear them playing Tango they played while we two were saying, Love, we know that love can not die, But now we're saying "Goodbye" The parting hour is here.
Moe Jaffe - Bell Bottom Trousers.xml
Once there was a little girl, who lived next to me, And she loved a sailor boy, he was only three. Now he's on a battleship ain his sailor suit. Just a great big sailor man but he's just as cute. Bell bottom trousers, coat of navy blue, She love her sailor and he loves her too. When they walk along the street, anyone can see, They are oh so much in love, happy as can be. Hand in hand they stroll along, they don't give a hoot; He wont let go of her hand, even to salute. too.
Fred Coots, Sam M Lewis - For All We Know.xml
For all we know we may never meet again. Be fore you go make this moment sweet again. We wont say goodnight until the last minute, I'll hold out my hand and my heart will be in it. For all we know this may only be a dream. We come and go like a rip ple on a stream. So love me tonight tomorrow was mande for some, tomorrow may never come for all we know, tomorrow may never come for all we know.
Frank Myers, Gary Baker - I Swear.xml
I see the questions in your eyes, I know what's weighing on your mind, but you can be sure I know my part. I'll stand beside you through the years, you'll only cry those happy tears. And though I'll make mistakes, I'll never break your heart. I swear, by the moon and the stars in the sky, I'll be there. I swear like a shadow that's by your side, I'll be there. For better or worse, til death do us part, I'll love you with every beat of my heart, I swear. of my heart. I swear. of my heart, I swear I swear.
Jacques Brel, Rod McKuen - If You Go Away.xml
If you go a....way on this summer day, Then you might as well take the sun away All the birds that flew in the summer sky When our love was new And our hearts were high And the day was young And the nights were long And the moon stood still For the night bird's song If you go away If you go away If you go away If you go away. But if you stay I'll make you a day Like no day has been Or will be again We'll sail the sun We'll ride on the rain And talk to the trees And worship the wind But if you go I'll un der stand Just leave me enough love To fill up my hand If you go away If you go away If you go away If you go away If you go a ....way As I know you will You must tell the world To stop turning 'Till you return again If you ever do For what good is love Without loving you? Can I tell you now As you turn to go I'll be dying slowly 'till the next hello
Ron Porter, 1 Corinthians 8:9 - And God is able.xml
And God is able to make all grace. abound to you. so that having all sufficiency in all things at all times, you may abound in evry good work.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Younger Than Springtime.xml
I touch your hand and my arms grow strong like a pair of birds that burst with song My eyes look down at your lovely face and I hold the world in my embrace Younger than Springtime are you softer than starlight are you warmer than winds of June are the gentle lips you gave me Gayer than laughter are you sweeter than music are you angel and lover heaven on earth are you to me and when your youth and joy invade my arms and fill my heart as now they do then younger than springtime am I gayerthan laughter am I angel and lover, heaven and earth am I with You!
Carl Sigman - Robin Hood.xml
Robin Hood RobinHood Riding thru the glen Robin Hood Robin Hood with his band of men Feared by the bad loved by the good Robin Hood Robin Hood RobinHood
Bill Monroe - Blue Moon Of Kentucky.xml
I said blue moon of Kentucky to keep on shining shine on the one that's gone and left me blue I said blue moon of Kentucky to keep on shining shine on the one that's gone and left me blue Well it was on one moonlight night stars shining bright whisper on high Love said goodbye blue moon of Kentucky kkep in shining shine on the one that's gone and left me blue. I said blue blue
Irish folk song - Hi! Ho! The Rattlin' Bog.xml
Hi! Ho! The rattlin' bog and the bog down in the valleyo. Hi! Ho! The rattlin' bog and the bog down in the valleyo. Now in this bog there was a tree, a rare tree, a rattlin' tree; The (Skip this measure for verse 1) ...tree in the bog and the bog down in the valleyo.
Maori Traditional arr. Rolf Harris, Rolf Harris - Hurry Home.xml
E Hine E Hoki Maira Ka Mate A U I Tea Ro Ha E Mm Hurry Hurry ...home love Hurry back to Rotorua To the mountains and the valley Hurry home to me I know, I know you had to go Please hurry back home love I miss you so In my mind I hear you singing And the echoes fill the valley Cross the lake of troubled waters To the mountains and the sky. I know, I know you had to go Please hurry back home love I miss you so. ...PoKa rekare .....a......na Nga waio Rotorua Whitti atuKoe Hine Marino Ana e E Hine E HokiMaira Ka mate A U I Tea Ro Ha E.Oh I know You had to go Please hurry back home love I miss you so Please hurry back home love I miss you so.
Kurt Weill, Ira Gershwin - My Ship.xml
My ship has sails that are made of silk, the decks are trimmed with gold. And of jam and spice there's a paradise in the hold. My ship's aglow with a million pearls and rubies fill each bin; the sun sits high in a sapphire sky when my ship comes in. I can wait the years 'til it appears one fine day one spring, but the pearls and such they won't mean much if there's missing just one thing. I do not care if that day arrives, that dream need never be, if the ship I sing doesn't also bring my own true love to me. My own true love to me, if the
Victor Young, Ned Washington - My Foolish Heart.xml
The night is like a lovely tune, beware my foolish heart! How white the ever constant moon, take care my foolish heart! There's a line between love and fasci nation That's hard to see on an evening such as this, for they give the very same sensation When you are lost in the passion of a kiss. Your lips are much too close to mine, But should our eager lips combine then For this time it isn't fascination or a dream that will fade and fall apart It's love this time. It's love my foolish heart
Frank Loesser, Burton Lane - Dancing On A Dime.xml
Isn't this sublime? We're dancing on a dime. The crowded floor is perfect for a nice romantic time. Oh, how can I help but hold you tight here in a warm embrace? There isn't an inch of space for being discreet, so I repeat: Isn't this sublime? This dancing on a dime? We're hand in glove, the picture of a romance in it's prime. Now darling, I guess I better confess for I knew it all the time that I'd be close to you dancing on a dime. you dancing on a dime.
Neil Diamond - Shilo.xml
Young child with dreams dream each dream on your own when child ren play seems like you end up alonePapa says he'd love to be with you if he had the time so you turn to the only friend you can find there in your mind Shilo when I was young I used to call your name. when no one else would come Shilo you always
Tony Velona - Lollipops And Roses.xml
Tell her you care, each time you speak. Make it her birthday each day of the week. Bring her nice things, sugar and spice things, Roses and lollipops, and lollipops and roses. We try acting grown up, but as a rule, we're all little children, fresh from school, so Carry her books, that's how it starts. Fourteen or forty, they're kida in their hearts. Keep them handy, flowers and candy. Roses and lollipops, and lollipops and roses Lollipops and roses
Jean Sibelius, Katharina von Schlegel - Be Still My Soul.xml
Be still, my soul; the Lord is on thy side. Bear patiently the cross of grief or pain. Leave to thy God to order and provide. In ev'ry change He faithful will remain. Be still, my soul; thy best, thy heav'nly Friend Thru' thorny ways leads to a joyful end.
Traditional - Drunken Sailor.xml
What shall we do with the drunken sailor, what shall we do with the drunken sailor, what shall we do with the drunken sailor early in the morning? Hurray and up she rises, hurray and up she rises, hurray and up she rises, early in the morning.
Eddie Cochran, Jerry Capehart - Summertime Blues.xml
Well, I'm agon na raise a fuss, I'm a gonna raise a holler. About aworkin' all summer just to try to earn a dollar. Ev'rytime I call my baby try to get a date, My boss says, "No dice, Son you gotta work late. Sometimes I wonder what I'm agonna do But there ain't no cure for the Summertime blues. A well my Mom 'n' Papa told me "Son you gotta make some monney. If you wanta use the car to go aridin' next Sunday Well, I didn't go to work, told the boss I was sick. Now you can't use the car 'cause you didn't work a lick. I'm gonna
Ted Daffan - Born To Lose.xml
Born to lose, I've lived my life in vain; Ev'ry dream has only brought me pain; All my life I've always been so blue; Born to lose, and now I'm losin' you. Born to lose, it seems so hard to bear; How I long to always have you near; You've grown tired and now you say we're through; Born to lose, and now I'm losin' you. Born to lose, my ev'ry hope is gone; It's too hard to face that empty dawn; You were all the happiness I knew; Born to lose, and now I'm losin' you. There's no use to dream of happiness; All I see is only lonliness; All my life I've always been so blue; you.
Joe Trohman, Andy Hurley, Butch Walker, John Hill, Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz - My Songs Know What You Did In The Dark (Light Em .xml
Remturerem, remturerem, turnem. Remturerem, remturerem, turnem. Oh... Oh... Be, be, becareful making wishes in the the dark, dark, can't be sure when they've hit their mark. In besides in the mean meantime I am just dreaming of tearing you apart. I'm in the detdettails with the devil, now the world can never get me on my level, I just got to get you out the cage, I'm a young lovers rage, gonna need a sparks to ignite. My song know what you did in the dark! So light them up, up, up! Light them up, up, up! Light them up, up, up, I'm on fire! So light them up, up, up! Light them up, up, up! Light them up, up, up, I'm on fire! Oh... In the dark, dark! In the dark, dark! The writers keep writing what they write, somewhere anothers pretty vein dies. I've got the scars from tomorrow and I wish you could see that you're the antidote to ev'rything except for me. A constellation of tears on your lashes burn ev'rything you love then burn the (gun) ashes. In the end ev'rything collides my childhood spat the back the monster that you see. My song
Jule Styne, Bob Merril - Don't Rain On My Parade.xml
Don't tell me not to fly I've simply got to. If someone takes a spill, It's me and not you. don't bring around a cloud to rain on my parade. Don't tell me not to live, just sit and putter. Life's candy and the sun's a ball of butter. Who told you you're allowed to rain on my parade? I'll march my band out, I'll beat my drum. And if I'm fanned out, Your turn at bat, sir, At least I didn't fake it, Hat, sir, I guess I didn't make it! But whether I'm the rose of sheer perfection or freck le on the nose of life's complexion. The cinder or the shiny apple of it's eye. I gotta fly once, I gotta try once, only can die once, Right sir? Ooh, love is juicy, juicy, and you see I gotta have my bite, sir. Get ready for me, love, 'cause I'm a "comer" I simply gotta march, my hearts a drummer. Don't bring around a cloud to rain on my parade. rade.
Ron Mael - PROPAGANDA.xml
"Hell lo sold ier boy!" Oh Boy, she's spew ing ot her PRO PA GAN DA PRO PA GAN DA Might makes right tho you are wrong, YOU'RE Right to fight her PROP A GAN DA PRO PA GAN DA PROP A GAN DA "Come to our side" she does say "Come on ov er" she does say Well, I don't need more com pet it ion for her af fec tion YOU SHOULD fight on, fight on OV ER THERE!
Jule Styne, Adolph Green, Betty Comden - Being Good Isn't Good Enough.xml
Being good isn't good enough. Being good won't be good enough. When I fly I must fly extra high, And I'll need special wings; So far to go, from so far below. Should I try? Am I strong enough? Is there time? Have I long enough? Gotta fly and if I fall, That's the way it's got to be. There's no other way for me. Being good just won't be good enough. I'll be the best or nothing at
Alan Silvestri, Glen Ballard - When Christmas Comes To Town.xml
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la I'm wishing on a star and trying to believe that even though it's far he'll find me Christmas Eve. I guess that Santa's busy 'cause he's never come around. I thik of him when Christmas comes to town. The best time of the year, when ev'ryone comes home; with all this Christmas cheer it's hard to be alone. Putting up the Christmas tree with friends who come around, it's so much fun when Christmas comes to town. Presents for the children wrapped in red and green; all the things I've heard about but never really seen. No one will be sleepng on the night of Christmas Eve, hoping Santa's on his way. Presents fr the children wrapped in red and green; all the things I've heard about but never really seen. No one will be sleeping pon the night of Christmas Eve hoping Santa's on his way When Santa's sleighbells ring, I listen all around. The herald angels sing; I never hear a sound. And all the dreams of children once lost will all be found. that's all I want when Chirstmas comes to town. Tha's all I want when Christmas comes to town.
Clarence Gaskill, Jimmy McHugh - I Can't Believe That You're In Love With Me.xml
Your eyes of blue, your kisses too, never knew what they could do I cant believe that you're in love with me. You're telling ev'ryone I know, I'm on your mind each place you go, They can't believe that you're in love with me. I have always placed you far above me, I just can't imagine that you love me; And after all is said and done, To think that I'm the lucky one, I can't believe that you're in love with me.
Jerry Livingston, Marty Symes, A.J. Neiburg - It's The Talk Of The Town.xml
I can't show my face, can't go any place, people stop and stare, it's so hard to bear. Ev'ry body knows you left me, I'ts the talk of the town. Ev 'ry time we meet, my heart skips a beat, we don't stop to speak, though it's just a week. Ev'ry body knows you left me. It's the talk of the town. We sent out invitations to friends and relations announcing our wedding day. Friends and our relations gave congratulations. How can you face them? What can you say? Lets make up sweetheart, we can't stay apart don't let foolish pride keep you from my side. How can love like ours be ended? It's the talk of the town.
Don Williams - Lay Down Beside Me.xml
I spent my life searching for you finding my way wasn't easy to do but I knew there was you all the while It's been worth evry mile so lay down be side me love me and hide me and kiss all the hurting of this world away hold me so close that I feel your heart beat and don't ever wander away
Hank Williams - There's A Tear In My Beer.xml
There's a tear in my beer cause I'm cryin for you dear You are on my lonely mind into these last nine beers I have shed a million tears you are on my lonely mind I'm gonna keep on sittin here until I'm petriried and then maybe these tears will leave my eyes there's a tear in my beer cause I'm crying for you dear you are on my lonely mind last nightI walked the floor and the night before you are on my lonely mind it seems my life is through and I'm so doggone blue you are on my lonely mind I'm gonna keep on sittin here till I cant moe a toe and then maybe my heart wont hurt me so there's a tear in my beer cause I'm crying for you dear You are on my lonely mind
Henry Tobias, Charlie Tobias, Harry Tobias - Miss You.xml
I miss you, since you went away, dear, Miss you, more than I can say, dear, Daytime, nighttime, nothing I do Can make me forget that I still love you. Kiss you, in my dreams I kiss you, Whisp'ring, "Darling how I miss you," Tell me, do you ever miss me as I miss you. I You.
Merle Haggard, Freddy Powers, Gary Church, Tex Whitson - I Always Get Lucky With You.xml
I've had good luck, and bad luck, and no luck, it's true, but I always get lucky with you. I've been turned on, and turned down when the bars close at two, I've had two strikes against me 'most all of the time and when it's down to just a phone call, I'm minus a dime. I've had good days, and bad days, but when the day is through I always get lucky with you.
Henry Rowley Bishop, John Howard Payne - Home, Sweet Home.xml
Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam be it ever so humble theres no place like home a charm from the skies seem to halow us there theres no place like home oh! theres no place like home.
Isham Jones, Gus Kahn - It Had To Be You .xml
Why do I do just as you say, why must I just give you your way? Why do I sigh, why don't I try to forget? It must have been that something lovers call fate. Kept on saying I had to wait. I saw them all just couldn't fall 'til we met. It had to be you it had to be you, I wandered around and finally found the somebody who could make me be true could make me be blue and even be glad just to be sad thinking of you. Some others I've seen, might never be mean might never be cross or try to be boss but they would'nt do For nobody else gave me a thrill with all your faults I love you still. It had to be you wonderful you had to be you. It had to be you, had to be you.
Charles Shavers, Sid Robins - Undecided.xml
First you say you do, and then you don't and then you say you will and then you won't Now you want to play, and then it's no, and when you say you''ll stay, that's when you go, You're undecided now so what are you gonna do? I've been sittingon a fence, and it does'nt make much sense, 'cause you keep me in suspence and you know it. Then you promise to return. When you don't I real ly burn. Well I guess I'll nev er learn, and I show it If you've got a heart, and if you're kind, then don't keep us apart. Make up your mind.
Paul Anka - The Longest Day.xml
Many men came here as soldiers, Many men will pass this way; Many men will count the hours, As they live the longest day. Many men are tired and weary, Many men are here to stay; Many men won't see the sunset, When it ends, the longest The longest day, the longest day, This will be the longest day. Filled with hopes and filled with fears. Filled with blood and sweat and tears. Many men the mighty thousands Many men, to victory; Marching on, right into battle, in the longest day in history. Many
:Louis Armstrong, kenny ball - Someday You'll Be Sorry.xml
Someday you'll be sorry. The way you treated me was wrong. I was the one who taught you all you know. Your friends have sent you to make me sing another song. So, good luck may be with you, and may your future you wont fear. No, there wont be another to treat you like a brother, Someday you'll be sorry dear. sorry dear.
Lou Davis & J. Fred Coots - A Precious Little Thing Called Love.xml
Why does my heart miss a beat At some footsteps on the street It's a precious little thing called love Why am I content alone When I know someone will phone It's a precious little thing called love I see a day in June a wedding tune A honeymoon cruise Friends I know who will throw Some rice and old shoes What's the one thing makes me say Heaven's just across the way It's a precious little thing called love. Why does love.
Cyril Ornadel, David West - A Portrait Of My Love.xml
There could never be A Portrait Of My Love For nobody could paint a dream You will never see a portrait of my love For miracles are never seen. any one who sees her soon forgets the Mona Lisa It would take, I know a Michelangelo And he would need the glow of dawn that paints the sky above, To try and paint a Portrait of my love. love.
Cole Porter - It's De-lovely.xml
The night is young, The skies are clear And if you want. to go walking, dear, It's delightful, it's delicious, It's Delovely. I understand the reason why You're sentimental, 'cause so am I, It's delightful, it's delicious, It's Delovely. You can tell at a glance What a swell night this is for romance, You can hear dear Mother Nature murmuring low, "Let yourself go?' So please be sweet, my chickadee, And when I kiss you, just say to me, "It's delightful, it's delicious, It's delectable, it's delirious, It's dilemna, it's delimit, it's deluxe, It's Delovely." The lovely
Billy Joel - My Life.xml
Got a call from an old friend we used to be real close said he couldn't go on the American way Closed the shop sold the house bought a ticket to the West Coast Now he gives them a standup routine in L. A. I don't need you to wory for me cause I'm alright I don't want you to tell me it's time to come home I don't care what you say anymore this is my life Go ahead with your own life leave me alone. I never said you had to offer me a second chance I never said I was a victim of circumstance I still belong dont get me wrong you can speak your mind but not on my time (instrumental) I don't care what you say any more this is my life go ahead with your own life, leave me alone.
L.Wolfe Gilbert, Moises Simons - Marta.xml
Mar ta rambling rose of the wildwood Marta with your fragrance divine Rosebud of the days of my childhood watched you bloom in the wildwoodand I hoped you'd be mine Marta now your eyes beam at twilight sparkling like each dewdrop at dawn Marta when I look for your lovelight I awake with a sigh and I find you are gone.
Al Hoffman, Dick Manning, Bix Reichner - Papa loves Mambo.xml
Papa loves Mam bo Mama loves mam bo look at 'em sway with it gettin' so gay with it shoutin' Olay with it wow! Papa loves mam bo Mama loves mam bo Papa does great with it swings like a gate with it he loses weight with it now he goes to she goes fro he goes fast she goes slow he goes left she goes right Papas lookin' for Ma ma but Mama is no where in sight
Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller - Poison Ivy.xml
She comes on like a rose but evry body knows shall get you in dutch you can look but you better not touch Poison I vy Poi son I vy Late at night while you,re sleepin Poison Ivy comes a creepin a round shes round measles make you humpty nd mumps ll make you lumpy and chicken pox' ll make you jump and twitch a com ,mon cold 'll fool ya and whoopin cough can cool ya but poison I vy Lord 'll make you itch you're gonna need an ocean of Calamine lotion you will be scratchinlike a hound the minuteyou start to mess around Poison Ivy Poi son I vy late at night while you're sleepin Poison ivy comes a creepin a round she
Hank Williams - I Can't Help It.xml.1
To day I passed you on the street and my heart fell at your feet I can't help it if I'm still in love with you some bo dy else stood by your side and you looked so sat is fied I can't help it if I'm still in love with you a pict ure from the past came slow ly steal ing as I brushed your arm and walked so close to you then sud denly I got that old ti me fe eling I can't help it if I'm still in love with you passed you on the street and my heart fell at your feet I can't help it if I'm still in love with you some bo dy else stood by your side and you looked so sat is fied I can't help it if I'm still in love with you a
Katherine Faith (Willow) Macky - Te Harinui.xml
Not on a snowy night by star or candle light nor by an angel band there came to our dear land Te HarinuiTe Ha ri nu i Te Harrinui glad tidings of great joy But on a summer day within a quiet bay the Maori people heard the great and glorious word
Paul Simon - Bridge Over Troubled Water.xml
When you're wea ry feelin small when tears are in your eyes I'll dry them all I'm on your side oh, when times get rough and friends just cant be found Like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down like a bridge over troubled water I will lay me down when you're down and out on the street when evening falls so hard I'll comfort you I'll take your part oh when darness comes and pain is all around  troubled water I will ease your mind sail on silver girl sail on by your time has come to shine all your dreams are on their way see how they shine oh if you need a friend I'm sailing right behind like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind Like a bridge over troubled water I will ease your mind.
Kerry Livgren, Steve Walsh - Dust In The Wind.xml
I close my eyes only for a moment and the moments gone All my dreams pass before my eyes a curiosity dust wind All they are is dust in the wind all we are is dust in the wind Oh Dust in the wind all we are is dust in the wind Dust in the wind Evrything is dust in the wind.
Victor  Schertzinger, Johnny Mercer - I Remember You.xml
I remember you. You're the one who made my dreams come true a few kisses ago. I remember you. You're the one who said: "I love you, too." I do. Didn't you know? I remember too a distant bell and stars that fell like rain, out of the blue. When my life is through and the angels ask me to recall the thrill of them all, then I shall tell them I remember you. you.
Frank Perkins, Mitchell Parish - Stars Fell On Alabama .xml
We lived our little drama, we kissed in a field of white, and stars fell on Alabama last night, I can't forget the glamour, your eyes, held a tender light, and stars fell on Alabama last night I never planned in my imaginationa situationso heaven ly, A fairyland where no one else could enter and in the center just you and me, dear, My heart beat like a hammer, my arms wound around you tight, and stars fell on Alabama last night.
Frank Loesser - My Darling, My Darling.xml
My darling, my darling, I've wanted to call you my darling, For many and many a day. My darling, my darling, I fluttered and fled like a starling; My courage just melted away. Now all at once you've kissed me And there's not a thing I'm sane enough to say Except My darling, my darling, get used to that name of my darling. It's here to stay. My stay.
Louis Paul Lehman - Lord Send Me.xml
If some dark corner needs the light, Lord, send me with the light. If some sad soul should need a song. Lord, send me with a song. If near or distant where hope is dim, someone is wait ingto hear of Him. If some one waits who's never heard, Lord, send me with Your Word.
Dan Burgess 1983 - Press On.xml
When the val ley is deep when the moun tain is steep when the bod y is wea ry when we stum ble and fall when the choic es are hard when we're bat tered and scarred when we've spent our re source es when we've giv en our all in Je sus name we press on in Je sus name we press on Dear Lord with the prize clear be fore our eyes we find the strength to press on Dear Lord with the prize clear be fore our eyes we find the strength to press on In Je sus' name we press on in Je sus name we press on Dear Lord with the prize clear be fore our eyes we find the strength to press on we find the strength to pres on to press on
Ralph Rainger, Leo Robin - If I Should Lose You.xml
If I should lose you the stars would fall from the sky. If I should lose you the leaves would wither and die. The birds in Maytime would sing a mournful refrain and I would wander around hating the sound of rain. With you beside me the rose would bloom in the snow. With you beside me no winds of winter would blow. I gave you my love and I was living a dream, but living would seem in vain if I lost you. If I should you.
Marvin Hamlisch, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - The Way We Were.xml
Mem'ries light the corners of my mind, Misty water color mme,'ries of the way we were. Scattered pictures of the smiles we left behind, smiles we gave to one another for the way we were. Can it be that it was all so simple then, or has time rewritten ev'ry line? If we had the chane to do it all again, tell me would we? could we? Mem'ries may be beautiful and yet what's so painful to remember We simply choose to forget So it's the laughter we will remember
Ira Schuster, Jack Little, Joe Young - In A Shanty In Old Shanty Town.xml
It's only a shanty in old shanty town; the roof is so slanty it touches the ground. But my tumbled down shack by an old railroad track, like a millionaire's mansion, is calling me back. I'd give up a palace if I were a king; it's more than a palace it's my ev'rything. There's a queen waiting there with a silvery crown, in a shanty in old shanty town.
Irving Berlin - I Got the Sun in the Mornin'.xml
Got no diamond got no pearl Still I think I'm a lucky girl I got the sun in the morning and the moon at night Got no mansiongot no yacht still I'm happy with what I've got I got the sun in the morning and the moon at night Sunshine gives me a lovely day Moonlight gives me the milk y way got no cheque books got no banks still I'd like to express my thanks I got the sun in the morning and the moon at night and with the sun in the morningand the moon in the ev'ning I'm all right.
Jack Lawrence - If I Didn't Care.xml
If I didn't care more than words can say, if I didn't care, would I fell this way? If this isn't love then maybe I'm worng; but why do I lie awake all night and dream all day long? If I didn't care, would it be the same? Would my ev'ry prayer begin and end with just your name? And would I be sure that this is love beyond compare? Would all this be true if I didn't care for you? If I didn't you?
Jimmy van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Imagination.xml
Imagination is funny, it makes a cloudy day sunny, makes a bee think of honey, just as I think of you. Imagination is crazy, your whole perspective gets hazy, starts you askinga daisy what to do, what to do? Have you ever felt a gentle touch and then a kiss and then and then find it's on.y your imagination again? Oh, well, Imagination is silly, you go around willynilly. For example, I go around wanting you and yet, I can't imagin that you want me too.
Ivory Joe Hunter', Ivory Joe Hunter - I Almost Lost My Mind.xml
When I lost my baby, I almost lost my mind. When I lost my baby, I almost lost my mind. My head is in a spin since she left me behind. I pass a million people, I can't tell who I meet I pass a million perple, I can't tell who I meet. 'Cause my eyes are full of tears, where can my baby be?  I  went to see a gyp sy, and had my fortune read. I went to see a gypsy, and had my fortune read. zi hang mymy head in sorrow when she said what she said. Well, I can tell you people, the news was not so good. Well, I can tell you people, the new was not so good. She said your baby has quit you, this time she's gone for
Traditional Polish - Polish Lullaby.xml
Sleep, little Jesus, my treasure, my blessing, While Mary comforst Thee, tender, caressing, Lullaby, little one, in loving arms lying, Guarding my darling and stilling Thy crying.
Mann Holinger, Alberta Nichols, Sammy Cahn, Saul Chaplin, L. E. Freeman - Until The Real Thing Comes Along.xml
I'd work for you, I'd slave for you, I'd be a beggar or a knave for you, If that is'nt love it will have to do, Until the real thing comes along. I'd gladly move the earth for you, to prove my love, dear, and it's worth for you. If that isn't love it will have to do, Until the real thing comes along. With all the words, dear, at my command, I just can't make you understand. I'll always love you, darling, come what may. My heart is yours, what more can I say? I'd sigh for you, I'd cry for you, I'd tear the stars down from the sky for you, If that isn't love it will have to do, Until thet real thing comes along. I'd long.
Hy Heath, Johnny Lange, Sonny Burke - Somebody Bigger Than You And I.xml
Who made the mountain, who made the tree, Who made the river flow to the sea, And who hung the moon in the starry sky? Somebody Bigger Than You And I. Who makes the flowers bloom in the spring, Who writes the song for the robin to sing, And who sends the rain when the earth is dry? You And I. He lights the way when the road is long, Keeps you company. With love to guide you, He walks beside you, Just like He walks with me. When I am weary, Filled with despair, Who gives me courage to go on from there, And who gives me faith that will never die? Somebody Bigger Than You And I.
Edward Holland, Lamont Dozier, Brian Holland - I Hear a Symphony.xml
You've given me a true love, and ev'ry day I thank you   love, for a feeling that's so new, so inviting, so excitting. Whenever you are near, I hear a symphony, a tender melody pulling me closer, closer to your arms. Then suddenly, ooh, your lips are touching mine. A feeling so divine 'till I leave the past behind. I'm lost in a world made for you and me. Ooh, love me. whenever you are near, I hear a symph ony. Play sweet and tenderly ev'ry time your lips meet mine, my baby. Baby, baby, I feel a joy within. Don't let this feeling end. Let it go on and on and on now, baby. Baby, baby, those tears that fill my eyes, I cry not for myself but for those who've never felt the joy we've felt. Whenever you are near, I hear a symphony. Each time you speak to me, I hear a tender rhapsody of love, love. Baby, baby, as you stand up holding me, whisp'ring how much you care. a thou sand violins fill the air  now. Baby, baby, I hear a symphony, A tender melody. Ooh, so close to me, Ah, it goes on and on and on and on and
African American Spiritual, Unknown - Let Us Break Bread Together.xml
Let us break bread to ge ther on our knees let us break bread to ge ther on our knees when I fall on my kness with my face to the ris sing sun o Lord have mer cy on me let us drinkthe cup to geth er on our knees let us drinkthe cup to ge ther on our knees when I fall on my kness with my face to the ris sing sun o Lord have mer cy on me let us praise God to ge ther on our knees let us praise God to geth er on our knees when I fall on my kness with my face to the ris sing sun o Lord have mer cy on me
Richard Clasky and Marvin Rosenberg - Image of a Girl (Transcribed).xml
As I lie awake, resting from the day. I can hear the clock, passing time away. Oh. I couldn't sleep for on my mind was the image of the girl I hope to find. Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh... I look straight up, at the ceiling aabove... thinking of the girl whom II real ly love. Oh, would it be soon, when she'll exist? The image of the girl I've always wished. Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh... I twisted and I turned ooh, trying to sleep but all I could do was only to weep. For I haven't found that image yet... of all the girls that I have met. Now the clock is still passing time and I know someday that she will be mine. And I know she'll always bring me love for she's the image of the girl I love. Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh... Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh... Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh... Whoa, oh, oh, oh... Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh...
Werner Schargenberger, Alan Holt, Fini Bush - Sailor.xml
Sailorstop your wandring sailor out at sea think now of your homeland think now a thought of me though your home is on the sea and your ship is your new loverand the stars that send the light are your friends through out the night oh I know you find your thrills in the seven seas you sail on but I'm lonesome and I yearn for your return Sailor stop your dreaming sailor out at sea think now of your true love think now a thought of me dei ne heimat isi meer deine Freunde sind die sterne uber Rio wid Shanghai uber bali und hawaii dene liebe ist dein Schiff, deine sehnsucht ist die Fer ne und nur ih nen bis du treu ein le ben turn
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - You Are My Lucky Star.xml.1
You are my lucky star I saw you from afar. Two lovely eyes at me they were gleaming, beaming, I was star struck. You're all my lucky charms, I'm lucky in your arms. You've opened heaven's portal here on earth for this poor mortal. You are my lucky star. You are my lucky star. I saw you from afar. If God was a glamorous creature, you're a four star feature. Though you are never seen, Up on some movie screen, You are my Scher,ar, Crawford, Hepburn, Harlow, and my Garbo. You ae my lucky star.
Arthur A. Penn - Smilin' Through.xml
There's a little brown road windin' over the hill To a little white cot by the sea; There's a little green gate At whose trelis I wait, While two eyes o' blue Come smilin' through At me! There's a gray lock or two in the brown of the hair, There's some silver in mine, too I see; But in all the long years When the clouds brought their tears, Those two eyes o' blue Kept smilin' through At me! And if ever I'm left in this world on my own, I shall wait for my call patiently, And if heaven be kind I shall wait there to find, Those two eyes o' blue Come smilin through At me.
Phil Myers - So Much.xml
One day I'm flying high above the clouds. Then I am falling, sad and lonely. You make the diff'rence, you mean so much to me You add the colors to my shades of gray. When you are laughing, I hear music. You make the diff'rence, you mean so much to me When I see your loving face, then my heart begins to race. No one else can take your place, you mean so much to me. Smile and I feel your glow, kiss me and I really know. It's so good to love you so, you mean so much to me. One day I'm flying high above the clouds. Then I am falling, sad and lonely You make the diff'rence, you mean so much to me So much to me
James Thornton - When You Were Sweet Sixteen.xml
When first I saw the lovelight in your eye and heard thy voice like sweetest melody speak words of love to my enraptur'd soul the world had naught but joy in store for me I love you as I never lov'd before since firt I met you on the village green come to me or my dream of love is o'er I love you as I loved you when you were sweet when you were sweet sixteen.
Arthur Hamilton - I Can Sing a Rainbow.xml
Red and yellow and pink and green purple and orange and blue I can sing a rainbow sing a rainbow sing a rain bow too Listen with your eyes, listen with your eyes and sing evrything you see you can sing a rainbow sing a rainbow sing along with me red and yel low and pink and green purple and orange and blue Now we can sing a rainbow sing a rainbow sing a rainbow too. too.
Phil Myers - Tell Me.xml
Tell me you feel good today, tell me that I should stay, tell me you want to say something from your heart Show me your sparklingeyes, tease me, make my spirits rise, Hold me 'til I realize I cannot bear to be so far apart, take a little walk with me, sing a Gershwin melody, Rain may fall eventually, but we'll make a sunny start, so tell me you feel good today, tell me that I should stay, tell me you want to say something from your, something from your, something from your heart.
George Shearing, George David Weiss - Lullaby of Birdland.xml.1
Lullaby of birdland, that´s what I always hear when you sigh. Never in my wordland could there be words to reveal in a phrase how I feel! Have you ever heard two turtle doves bill and coo when they love? That's the kind of magic music we make with our lips And there's a weepy old willow he really knows how to cry! That´s how I cry in my pillow if you should tell me farewell and goodbye! Lullaby of Birdland whisper low kiss me sweet and we'll go flyin' high in Birdland high in the sky up above all because we´re in love. all because we´re in love.
Carol Bayer Sager - Lesley Gore - I JUST DON'T KNOW IF I CAN.xml
What do I do now boy that I know you wan na be free? What do I do now boy that I know your cheat in' on me? I know what you would do if I did you wrong I know what I should do if on ly I were But I JUST DON'T KNOW IF I CAN No, I JUST DON'T KNOW IF I CAN I should n't love you an y more but I love you more than be fore. I should n't want you an y more but I want you more than be fore. And I JUST DON'T KNOW IF I CAN> What do I do now boy that I know you're nev er mine? What do I do now boy that I know I'm wast in' my time? If I keep dream in' I'll dream my life a way. If I should wake up now I know what I would JUST DON'T KNOW IF I CAN No. I JUST DON'T KNOW IF I CAN No, I
Charlie Chaplin, Geoffrey Parsons, John Turner - Eternally.xml
I'll be loving you eternally, With a love that's true eternally, From the start within my heart it seems I've always known, The sun would shine when you were mine and mine alone. I'll be loving you eternally, There'll be no one new, my dear for me, Tho' the sky should fall, remember I shall always be, Forever true and loving you eternally. ly.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Clap yo' hands.xml
Clappa yo' hands slappa yo' thighs Hallelujah Hallelujah ev'ybody come along and join the Jubilee Clappa yo' hands slappa yo' thighs Don't you lose time don't you lose time comealong and shake your shoes, time now for you and me On the sands of time you are only a pebble but then the trouble must be treated just like a rebel Send it to the devil Clappa yo' hands slappa yo' thighs Hallelujah hallelujah Ev'rybody come along and join the Jubilee
Dorcas Cochran & Lionel Newman - Adventures In Paradise.xml
I have known Adventures in Paradise, I followed a dream to many a shore. All alone in harbours of pearl and spice, I searched for a face, a face to adore. While the tender stars, high in the blue, made love to the night, I have begged the stars to lead me to that one lovely shore called "Evermore". Then you walked into my paradise, and my happy heart adventures no more.
Al Jacobs, Jimmie Crane - Hurt.xml
Hurt to think that you lied to me. Hurt, way down deep inside of me. You said your love was true, and we'd never part. Now you want someone new, and it breaks my heart. I'm hurt, much more than you'll ever know. Hurt, because I still love you so. But even though you've hurt me like noone else could do, I would never, never hurt you.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Please Please Me.xml
Last night I said these words to my girl I know you never even try girl come on come on come on come on please please me oh yeh like I please you You dont need me to show the way girl why do I always have to say love I dont want to sound complaining but you know there's always rain in my heart I do all the pleasing with you its so hard to reasonwith you oh yeh why do you make me blue last night I said these words to my girl I know you never even try girl come on come on come on come on please please me oh yeh like I please you.
Duke Ellington - Love You Madly.xml
Love you madly right or wrong, sounds like a lyric of a song, but since it's so, I thought you ought to know I love you, love you madly. "Better fish are in the sea," is not the theory for me, and that's for sure, just like I said before, "I love you, love you madly. If you could see the happy you and me I dream about so proudly you'd know the breath of spring that makes me sing my love song so loudly. Good things come to those who wait, so  just relax and wait for fate to let me see the day you'll say to me, "I love you, love you madly!"
Art Farmer, Annie Ross - Farmer's Market.xml
Once there was a girl and she was right from the sticks Thought she'd go out to the market one day and hey we could sure say of the town she was the toast, Really the most, we don't want to boast, but scads of lads would soon surround her City slickers sure would hound her. She walked in the market place and what did she see, Crewcut and cute with a crazy goatee What a blend, he was the end sellin' beans Dressed in his jeans, "What a buy." she was heard to cry.
Rolf Harris - Tie Me Kangaroo Down,Sport.xml
Watch me wallabies feed, mate, Watch me wallabies feed They're a dangerous breed mate. so watch me walabies feed. Altogether now! Tie me kangaroo down sport, Tie me kanga roo down Tie me kangaroo down sport Tie me kangaroo down
Natalie Merchant - My Skin.xml
Ah Ah ah ah Take a look at my Body; look at my hands There's so much here that I don't understand. Your face saving promises whispered like prayers. I don't need them, 'cause I've Been treated so wrong. I've been treated so long, as if I'm becoming untouchable. Well, cometempt loves teh silence, it thrives in the dark, with fine winding tendrils that strangle the heart. They say that promises sweeten the blow but I don't need them. touchable. I'm a slow dying flower. frost killing hour, sweet turning sour and untouchable. Ooh, ooh, Ooh, Oh, I need the darkness, the sweetness, the sadness the weakness Oh, I need this. I need a lullaby, a kis goodnight, angel, sweet love of my life. Oh, I need this. I'm the slow dying flower, frost killing hour, the sweet turning sour and untouchable. Do you remember the way tha you touched me before, all the trembling sweetness I loved adn adored? Your face saving promises whispered like prayers, I don't need them. I need the darkness, the sweetness, the sadness, the weakness. Oh, I need this. I need a lullaby, a kiss goodnight, angel, sweet love of my life Oh, I need this. We, is it
Tolchard Evans, Stanley J. Damerell, Robert Hargreaves - Lady Of Spain.xml
Lady of Spain, I adore you Right from the night I first saw you. My heart has been yearning for you. What else can any heart do? Lady of Spain, I'm appealing. Why should my lips be concealing. All that my eyes are revealing Lady of Spain I love you. you.
Ruth Rand - You Will Never Grow Old.xml
Dont be fretful or regretful that you will grow old much too soon with a love dear to dream of dear you'll stay like a rose bud in June You will never grow old While theres love in your heart time may silver your golden hair as you dream in an old rockin chair so keep my love in your heart remember the love tales we told for with my love in you heart my darling you will never grow old. old
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Dancing on the Ceiling.xml
He dances overhead, on the ceiling near my bed, in my sight through the night. I try to hide in vain under neath my counterpane there's my love, up above. I whisper "Go away my lover, it's not fair." But I'm so grateful to discover he's still there. I love my ceilling more since it is a dancing floor just for my love.
Harry Ruby , Oscar Hammerstein II, Bert Kalmar - A Kiss To Build A Dream On.xml
Give me a kiss to build a dream on and my imagination will thrive upon that kiss, Sweetheart I ask no more than this, a kiss to build a dream on. Give me a kiss before you leave me and my imag ination will feed my hungry heart, Leave me one thing before we part, a kiss build dream on. When I'm alone with my fancies, I'll be with you, Weaving romances, making be lieve they're true. Give me your lips for just a moment and my imagination will make that moment live, Give me what you alone can give, a kiss to build a dream on
Sid Ramin, Tony Velona - Music To Watch Girls By.xml
The boys watch the girls while the girls watch the boys who watch the girls go by eye to eye they solemnly convene to make the scene which is the boss guys talk girls talk it happens evry where eyes watch girls walk with tender loving care It's keeping track of the pack watching them watching back that makes the world go round watch that sound each time you hear a loud collective sigh they're making music to watch girls bye
Sid Tepper, Roy C. Bennett - The Naughty Lady Of Shady Lane.xml
The naughty lady of shady lane has the town in a whirl The naughty lady of shady lane me oh my oh what a girl, The naughty lady of shady lane has hit the town like a bomb The back fence gossip ain't been this good since Mabel ran off with Tom Our town was peaceful and quiet beforeshe came on the scene the lady has started a riot disturbin the suburban routine
Larry Morey, Eliot Daniel - Lavender Blue.xml
Lavender blue dilly dilly lavender green If I were king dilly dilly I'd need a queen Who told me so? dilly dilly who told me so? I told myself dilly dilly I told me so if your dilly dilly heart feels a dilly dilly way N if you'll an swer yes in a prety little church on a dilly dilly day You'll be wed in a dilly dilly dress of Lavender blue dilly dilly Lavender green then I'll be king dilly dilly and you'll be my queen
Mike Sharpe (Shapiro), Harry Middlebrooks - Spooky.xml
In the  cool of the ev'ning when every thing is getting kindof groovy, You call  me up and ask me if I would like to go with you and see  movie. First I say no I've got some plans for tonight and then I say All right! Love  is kind of crazy with a spooooky little boy like you.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - I'll Never Fall In Love Again.xml
What do you get when you fall in love A guy with a pin to burst your bubble that's what you get for all your trouble I'll nev er fall in love again I'll nev er fall in love againWhat do you get when you kiss a guy you get enough germs to catch pneumonia after you do he'll never phone you I'll never fall in love again I'll never fall in love again Don't tell me what it's all about cause I've been there and I'm glad I'm out Out of those chains those chains that bind you that is why I'm here to remind you what do you get when you fall in love you only get lies and pain and sorrow so for at least until tomorrow I'll never fall in love again I'll never fall in love again.
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - Let's Fall In Love.xml
Let's fall in love, Why shouldn't we fall in love? Our hearts are made of it, let's take a chance Why be afraid of it? Let's close our eyes, and make our own paradise, Lit tle we know of it Still we can try to make a go of it. We might have been meant for each oth er To be or not to be, let our hearts discover. Let's fall in love, Why shouldn't we fall in love? Now is the time for it, while we are young, Let's fall in love.
Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Where Love Has Gone.xml
There must be a place, a place where love has gone. A bright shiny world somewhere where love has gone. Where dreams and desires as cold as yesterdays fires start to blaze anew. There must be a star shining in space that doesn't grow dim with each last embrace. They say love's gone when it goes, but I'm naive I suppose There may not be such a place, there may not be such a star. But still my fool of a heart still leads me on. It wants to be there, there with you where love has To that bright and shiny world where love has gone. To that gone forever world where love has gone.
Steve Goodman - City of New Orleans.xml
Ridin' on the City of New Orleans, Illinois Central Monday morin' rail. Fif teen cars and fifteen restles riders, three conductors and twentyfive sacks of mail;  All along the southbound Odyssey, the train pulls out of Kan kakee  and rolls along the houses, farms and fields. Passin' towns that have no name and freightyards full of old black men. and the graveyards of the rusted automobiles. Good morning America how are you? Say, don't you know me I'm your native son. I'm the train they call the city of New Orleans, I'll be gone five hundred miles when the day is done.
Alice Hawthorne - Whispering Hope.xml
Soft as the voice of an angel, breathing a lesson unheard. Hope with a gentle persauson whispers her comforting word. Wait 'till the darkness is over, wait 'till the tempest is done. Hope for the sunshine tomorrow, after the shower is gone. Whispering hope, Oh, how wel come Thy voice, Mak ing my heart in its sor row rejoice.
Anthony Newley, Leslie Bricusse - Feeling Good.xml
Birds flying high, you now how I feel. Sun in the sky, you know how I feel. Breeze drifting by, you know how I feel. It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me. Feeling good. Fish in the sea, you now how I feel. River running free, you know how I feel. Blossoms on the tree, you know how I feel. good. Dragonfly out in the sun, hyou know what I mean. Butterflies all having fun, you know what I mean. Sleep in peace when day is done, that's what I mean. An this old world is a new world and a bold world for me. Stars when you shine, you know how I feel. Scent of the pine, you know how I feel. Freedom is mine, I know how I feel. It's a new dawn, it;'s a new day, it's a new life for me. Feeling good.
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - Love Me Or Leave Me.xml
Love me or leave me or let me be lonely. You wont believe me, and I love you only. I'd rather be lonely than happy with somebody else. You might find the nighttime the right time for kissing, but nighttime is my time for just reminiscing, regretting instead of forgetting with somebody else. There'll be no one unless that someone is you. I intend to be independ ently blue. I want your love but I don't want to borrow, to have it today and to give back tomorrow, For my love is your love, there's no love for nobody else!!
Frank Loesser - Standing On The Corner.xml
Standing on the corner watching all the girls go by standing on the corner watching all the girls go by brother you dont know a nicer occupation matter of fact neither do I than standing on the corner watching all the girls watching all the girls watching all the girls go by
Rogers and Hart - My Funny Valantine.xml
My funny Valentine, Sweet comic Valentine, You makeme smile withmy heart.Your looks are laughable,UnPhotographable, Yet, you're my fav'rite work of art.Is your figure less than Greek; Is your mouth a little weak, when you open it to speak, Are you smart?But don't change a hair for me, Not if you care for me, Stay little Valentine, stay;Each day is Valentine's day.
Roger Edens - It's A Great Day For The Irish.xml
Oh, I woke me up this morning and I heard a joyful song From the throats of happy Irishmen, a hundred thousand strong. Shure it was the Hibernian Brigade lining up for to start the big parade. So I fetch'd me Sunday bonnet and the flag I love so well, And I bought meself a shamrock just to wear in me lapel. Don't you know that today's March seventeen? It's the day for the wearing of the green. It's a great day for the Irish, it's a great day for the fair. The sidewalks of New York are thick with blarney For shure you'd think New York was Old Kilarney. It's a great day for the shamrock for the flags in full array We're feeling so inspirish, shure because for all the Irish, It's a great, great day! It's a great day for the Irish, it's a great day fot the fair. Begosh, there's not a cop to stop the raiding Begorrah all the cops are out parading! It's a great day for the Shamrock fot the flags in full array And as we go aswinging, ev'ry Irish heart is singing, It's a great great day!
Carl Suessdorf, John Blackburn - Moonlight In Vermont.xml
Pennies in a stream, falling leaves, a sycamore, Moonlight in Vermont. Icy finger waves, ski trails on a mountainside, snowlight in Vermont. Teleegraph cables, they sing down the highway and travel each bend in the road, people who meet in this romantic setting are so hypnotized by the lovely ev'ning summer breeze, warbling of a meadowlark Moonlight in Vermont, you and I and moonlight in Vermont.
Kenny O'Dell - Behind Closed Doors.xml
My baby makes me proud Lord dont she make me proud she never makes a scene by hanging all o ver me in a crowd cause people like to talk Lord dont they love to talk but when they turn out the lights I know she'll be leavinwith me and when we get behind closed doors then she lets her hair hang down and she makes me glad I'm a man Oh no one knows what goes on behind closed doors My behind closed doors
Burton Lane, Alan Jay Lerner - How Could You Believe Me When I Said I Love You.xml
How could you believe me when I said I love you when you know I've been a liar all my life I've had that reputation Since I was a youth, You must have been insane to think I'd tell you the truth. How could you believe me when I said we'd marry when you know I'd rather hang than have a wife. I know I said I'd make you mine, But who would know that you would go for that old line. How could you believe me when I said I love you when you know I've been a liar, Nothing but a liar, all my doggone cheatin' life. (girl)....You
George M. Cohan - Yankee Doodle Boy (Yankee Doodle Dandy).xml
I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy, a Yankee Doodle do or die; a real live nephew of my Uncle Sam's, Born on the fourth of July. I've got a Yankee Doodle sweetheart, She's my Yankee Doodle joy. Yankee Doodle came to London just to ride the ponies, I am a Yankee Doodle boy.
Lionel Richie - Hello.xml
I've  been alone with you inside my mind And in my dreams I've kissed your lips a thousand times. I sometimes see you pass outside my door. Hello, is it me you're looking for?  I can see it in your eyes, I can see it in your smile You're all I've ever wanted and my arms are open wide. Cause you know just what to say and you know just what to do And I want to tell you so much, I love
Starsailor - Tell me it's not over.xml
thought I lost you once again all that drink has brought some trouble to our name late at night I feel no shame all my old war stories take me back again now the lights out I discover She is sleeping with another. Ooh, tell me it's not over. What a place to seal your fate A deserted car park Not even a date Please don't tell me it's too late If you love someone don't throw it all away now the lights out I discover just a weekend undercover tell me it's not over. tell me it's not over. now the lights out I discover just a weekend undercover now the lights out I discover She is sleeping with another. Ooh, tell me it's not over.
Carl Boberg - How Great Thou Art ( O, store Gud ).xml
O Lord my God! when I in awesome wonder con sider all the works thy hands have made I see the stars I hear the mighty thunder Thy pow'r throughout the universe displayed Then sings my soul, my Savior God to Thee How great Thou art, how great Thou art, then sings my soul my Savior God to Thee how great Thou art, how great Thou art.
Charles Danvers, Carl Sigman - Till.xml
Till the moon deserts the sky Till all the seas run dry Till then I'll worship you. Till the tropic sun grows cold Till this young world grows old My darling I'll adore you. You are the reason to live All I own I would give, just to have you adore me. Till the rivers flow upstream Till lovers cease to dream Till then I'm yours, be mine. mine.
Ned Miller - From A Jack To A King.xml
From a Jack to a King from lonliness to a wedding ring I played and ace and I won a Queen and walked away with your heart from a Jack to a King with no regret I stacked the cards last night and lady luck played her hand just right to make me King of your heart for just a little while I thought that I might lose the game then just in time I saw the twinkle in your eye from a Jack to a King from lonliness to a wedding ring I played an ace and I won a Queen you made me King of your heart. from a Jack to a heart.
Geoff Stephens - Winchester Cathedral.xml
Winchester Cathe dral you're bringing me down You stood and you watched as my baby left town You could have done something but you didnt try You didnt do noth ing you let her walk by Now ev'ryone knows just how much I needed that girl She wouldnt have gone far away if only you'd started ringing your bell Winchester Cathed ral you're bringing me down you stood and you watched as my baby left town.
Leon Rene - Boogie Woogie Santa Claus.xml
look ee here, Jack, there's somethin' down the track, he got rhythm in his feet but noth in' in his sack The Boogie Woogie Santa Claus the Boogie Woogie Santa Claus Boog ie Woogie Santa comes to town ev'ry Christmas Day Well
Traditional - All God's Children Got Shoes.xml
I got a shoe, you got a shoe, All God's Children Got Shoes. When I get to heaven gonna put on my shoes, I'm gonna tromp all over God's heaven, heaven, heaven, Ev'rybody talkin' 'bout heaven ain't agoin' there, Heaven, heaven, gonna tromp all over God's heaven.
Shirley Thoms - Cabin In The Pines.xml
There's a oh I little old log cabin where I'm longing now to be that little old home that once more I would love to see so I'll go back so I'll go back to my littlehome out on the prairie my little cold log cabin in the pines There's a path winding down from the mountains leading to the little cabin door there'll be a light burning in the window to guide my foot steps home once more oh I wonder if there'll be a log fire burning there tonight the old folk sitting there to warm in the soft fire light oh I'll go back I must go back to the old folks that i love so dear ly in that lit tle old log cab in in the pines old bl uey will come boun ing thru the darkness greet me as he wags his shaggy tail and tho' it's years since I have left the old home to greet me old bluey will not fail there's a
Richard M Sherman, Robert B. Sherman - Feed the Birds.xml
Feed the birds, tuppence a bag, tuppence, tuppence, tuppence a bag. "Feed the birds," That's what she cries, while overhead her birds fill the skies. All around the cathedral, the saints and apostles look down as she sells her wares. Although you can't see it, you know they are smiling each time someone shows that they care. Though her words are simple and few, Listen, lisshe's calling to you. Feed the birds, tupence a bag, tuppence, tuppence, tuppence a bag.
Pee Wee King, Chilton Price, Redd Stewart - Slow Poke.xml
You keep me waitin' till it's gettin' agravatin' you're a slow poke; I wait 'n worry but you never seem to hurry, you're a slow poke. Time means nothing to you, I wait and then late again, Eight oclock, nine oclock, quarter to ten. Why should I linger ev'ry time you snap your finger little slow poke, Why don't you hasten when you see the time's awastin' little slow poke dear, Why should I keep tryin' to change you, it's not the thing to do, I guess I'll have to learn to be a slow poke too! too!
Sammy Fain, Irving Kahal - I Left My Sugar Standing In The Rain.xml
I left my Sugar standing in the rain, and my Sugar melted away. Sweeter than the sugar from the sugar cane; didn't mean to treat her that way. I guess my sweetie thought I was a low down kind. didn't realize that she was so refined. Oh, I left my Sugar standing in the rain and my Sugar melted away. I and my Sugar melted away.
Franklin L. Shephard, Maltbie D. Babcock - This Is My Father's World.xml
This is my Father's world. And to my list'ning ears All nature sings and round me rings The music of the spheres. This is my Father's world. I rest me in the thought Of rocks and trees, of skies and seas, His hand the wonders wrought.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Ten Cents A Dance.xml
Ten cents a dance; That's what they pay me. Gosh, how they weigh me down! Ten cents a dance, Pansies and rough guys, Tough guys who tear my gown! Seven to midnight I hear drums, Loudly the saxophone blows, Trumpets are tearing my eardrums. Customers crush my toes. Sometimes I think I've found my hero But it's a queer rommance, All that you need is a ticket; Come on, big boy, ten cents a dance!
Johann Strauss II arr.Ralph Benatzky, Harry Graham - The Nuns' Chorus (from Casanova) .xml
Holy Mary day by day Watch beside us, Guard and guide us, Lest we stray on life's highway. On our knees to thee Humbly we pray. Hear my plea, Pity me, Blessed Mary send and save me. Holy Maid, lend your aid, Ere the convent vows enslave me. Fairest flow'rs I'll bring you, Sweetest songs I'll sing you. Pray'r and Praise shall not cease If you grant release.
Bill Withers - Ain't No Sunshine (All Of Me).xml
Ain't No Sunshine when she's gone It's not warm when she's away Ain't no sunshine when she's gone and she's always gone too long anytime she goes awayWonder this time where she's gone wonder if she's gone to stay ain't no sunshine when she's gone and this house just ain't no home anytime she goes awayand I know I Know I know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know i know hey i oughta leave the young thing alone but ain't no sunshine when she's gone Ain't No Sunshine when she's gone Only darkness ev'ryday Ain't no sunshine when she's gone and this house just ain't no home anytime she goes awayanytime she goes away
Erskine Hawkins, Julian Davis, William Johnson, Buddy Feyne - Tuxedo Junction.xml
Way down South, in Alabam I mean south, in Birmingham, there's a place where people go to dance the night away. They all drive, or walk for miles to get jive, that Southern style. Sloow jive, that makes you want to dance till break of day. It's a junction , where the townfolk meet. At each function , in their best they'll greet you. Come on down, forget your cares. Come on down, you'll find me there. So long, pal! I'm heading for Tuxedo Junction now!
Sandor Harmati, Edward Hayman & Harry Parr-Davies - Bluebird Of Happiness.xml
The beggar man and the mighty king are only diff'rent in name For they are treated just the same by fate Today a smile and tomorrow tears, we're never sure what's in store, So learn your lesson before too late, so Be like I, hold your head up high 'Till you find a blue bird of happiness You will find greater peace of mind Knowing there's a bluebird of happiness And when he sings to you Tho' you're deep in blue You will see a ray of light creep thro' And so remember this life is no abyss Somewhere there's a bluebird of happiness.
Isham Jones, Gus Kahn - It had to be you.xml
It had to be you it had to be you I wandered aroundand fin al ly found the somebody who could make me be true could make me be blue and even be glad just to be sad thinking of you some others I've seen might never be mean might never be cross or try to be boss but they wouldnt do for nobody else gave me a thrill with all your faults I love you still it had to be you wonder ful you had to be you
Duke Ellington - Solitude.xml
In my solitude you haunt me with reverses of days gone by. In my solitude you haunt me with memories that never die I sit in my chair, I'm filled with despair There's noone could be so sad. With gloom ev'rywhere, I sit and I stare, know that I'll soon go mad. In my solitude I'm praying, "Dear Lord above send back my love."
Bob Saffer, Frank Linale - Buon Natale.xml
Buon Natale means "Merry Christmas to you.' Buon Natale to ev'ry one, Happy New year and lots of fun, Buon Natale, May all your wishes come true. Buon Natale in Ita ly means a "Merry Christmas to you." Far away across the sea In sunny Italy, there' a quaint little town, Not a clock has been wound for over a century. The don't know the time or year, And no one seems to care, and this is the reason the Christmas season is celebrated all year. O, "Merry Christmas to you."
Whyte, Morrissey - DON'T MAKE FUN OF DADDY'S VOICE.xml
Long a go when he was young and rest less sud den ly Dad dy saw the beck on ing fin ger of fate DON'T MAKE FUN OF DAD DY'S VOICE be cuz he can't help it when he was a teen age boy some thing got stuck in his throat when you are young you crave af fec tion and it can com from the strang est dir ec tion
Ray Stevens - Everything Is Beautiful.xml
Jesus loves the little children all the little childdren of the world red and yellow black and white they are precious in His sight Jesus loves the little children of the world Evrything is beautiful in its own way like a starry summer night or a snow covered win ters day Evrybodys beautiful in their own way under God's heaven the worlds gonna find a way There is non so blind as he that will not see we must not close our minds we must let our thoughts be free for evry hour that passes by you know the world gets a little bit older its time to realize that beauty lies in the eyes of the behold er evrything is evrything is beautiful in its own way like a starry summer night or a showcovered win ters day evrybodys beau tiful in their own way under Gods heav en the worlds gonna fin d a way evrything is
Jacques Morali - Go West.xml
Together, we will go your way, together, we will leave some day, together, your hand in my hand, together, we will make our plans, together, we will fly so high, together tell all our friends goodbye, to gether, we will start life new, to gether, this is what we´ll do! Go West, life is peaceful there, go West in the open air, go West, where the skies are blue, go West, this is what we´re gonna do! To
Earl Hines, Sid Robin - My Monday Date.xml
Now, don't forget our Monday date,     Boy: baby be ready when I come by. And when the clock strikes half past eight, I'll be there  waitin' with a kiss and a sigh. I'm gonna hold you so fast when we dance cheek to cheek; store up enough love to last us the rest of the week. So, don't forget our Monday date, baby I promise neither will I Now, Girl:  gonna be ready when you come by. I
Traditional - Angels We Have Heard On High.xml
An gels, we have heard on high, Sweet ly sing ing o'er the plains. And the moun tains in re ply, Which inspire your joyous strains, "Glo ri a, In ex cel sis De o, Glori a, In ex cel sis De o."
claude-michel schonberg - Castle on a Cloud.xml
There is a castle on a cloud. I like to go there in my sleep. Aren't any floors for me to sweep, not in my castle on a cloud. There is a room that's full of toys. There are a hundred boys and girls. Nobody shouts or talks too loud, not in my castle on a cloud. There is a lady all in white, holds me and sings a lulaby. She's nice to see and she's soft to touch. She says, "Cosette i love you very much" I know a place where noone's lost. I know a place where noone cries. Crying at all is not allowed, not in my castle on a cloud.
Lewis Muir, Maurice Abrahams, Grant Clarke - Ragtime Cowboy Joe(1912).xml
He always sings raggy music to the cattle, As he swings back and forward in the saddle, On a horse that is syncopated gaited, And there's such a funny meter to the roar of his repeater! How they run, when they hear that fellow's gun, Because the Western folks all know He's a high falutin, scootin', shootin' son of a gun, From Arizona, Ragtime cowboy Joe He always
Osvaldo Farres, Al Stewart(Eng.) - Come Closer To Me.xml
Moonlight was made for a June night, And June nights were made, dear, for love and romance, For heavenly kisses, for lips sweet and tender, On this night of splendor, You're so far away; Come Closer To Me so I can see heaven in your eyes, Come closer to me, so I can be close to Paradise; Thrill me with your kisses Let me learn what bliss is, Kiss me once and then We'll kiss and kiss again, And life will be divine; Come closer, my dear, so I can hear music in my heart; I've waited so long to hear the song that your love will start; Darling, I'll adore you, Live my life just for you All I ask is this, please give me one more kiss, and whisper you'll be mine. Come Closer To mine.
Teddy Randazzo, Bobby Hart, Bobby Wilding - Hurt So Bad.xml
I know you don't know what I'm goiing through. Standing here looking at you. Well let me tell you that it hurt so bad. It makes me feel so sad. It makes me hurt so bad to see you again. like needles and pins People say You've been makin' out O. K. She's in love, don't stand in her way. But let me tell you that it hurt so bad. It makes me feel so sad. It's gonna hurt so bad if you walk away. why don't you stay and let me make it up to you. Stay, I'll do any thing you want me to You loved me before please love me again I can't let you go back to him. Please don't go, please don't go. It hurts so bad. Come back, it hurts so bad. Don't make it hurt so bad I'm beggin' you please. Please don't go, please don't go
Irving Gordon - Mama From The Train.xml
How I miss that sweet lady with her old country touch Miss her quaint broken English called "Pennsylvania Dutch". I can still see her there at the station that day Calling out to her baby as the train pulled away Throw mama from the train a kiss, a kiss, Wave mama from the train a good bye Throw mama from the train a kiss, a kiss, and don't cry my baby don't cry
Paul McCartney - When I'm Sixty-Four.xml
When I get older losing my hair many years from now Will you still be sending me a Valentine Birthday greetings bottle of wine If I'd been out til quarter to three would you lock the door Will you still need me will you still feed me when I'm sixty four Oo You'll be older too (Ahah) and if you say the word I could stay with you I could be handy mending a fuse when your lights have gone You can knit a sweater by the fire side Sunday mornings go for a ride Doing the garden digging the weeds who could ask for more Every summer we can rent a cottage in the Isle of Wight if it's not too dear We shall scrimp and save grandchildren on your knee Vera Chuck and Dave
Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh - The Best Is Yet To Come.xml.1
Out of the tree of life I just picked me a plum, you came along and ev'rything's startin' to hum; still it's a real good bet the best is yet to come. The best is yet to come and babe, won't, it be fine, you think you've seen the sun but you ain't seen it shine, wait till the warmups under way, wait till our lips have met Wait till you see that sun shine day, you ain't seen nothin' yet! The best is yet to come and babe, won't you be fine, the best is yet to come, come the day you're mine. Come the day you're mine I'm gonna teach you to fly; We've only tasted the wine, we're gonna drain the cup dry. Wait till your charms are ripe for these arms to surround; You think you've flown before but you ain't left the ground. wait till you're locked in my embrace wait till I draw you near. Wait till you see that sunshine place, ain't nothin' like it here! The best is yet to come and babe, won't it be fine; the best is yet to come come the day your mine.
Jack Fulton - Wanted (Transcribed).xml
Wanted someone who kissed me and held me closely then stole my heart. Wanted someone I trusted who gave no warning we'd ever part. she was last seen hiding out in someone's arms; he knew nothing of the danger in her charms. A jury may find her guilty but I'd forgive her if I could see a signed confession that she's repented and really wanted no one but me. Wanted someone who kissed me and held me closely then stole my heart. Wanted someone I trusted who gave no warning that we'd ever part. She was last seen hiding out in someone's arms; he knew nothing of the danger in her charms. A jury may find her guilty but I'd forgive her if I could see a signed confession that she's repented and really wanted no one but me.
George Hoven, Chester R. Shull - It's No Sin.xml
Take away the breath of flowers, It would surely be a sin Take the rain from April showers It's a sin. Take away the violins, dear, From a lovely symphony, And the music deep within, would cease to be. Is it a sin to love you so, To hold you close and know you are leaving. Though you take away my heart dear, Still the beating there within, I'll keep loving you forever, For it's no sin. sin.
Patsy Riggir - Beautiful Lady.xml
Beautiful lady are you lone ly? Let me show you what a night of loving can do beautiful lady put your hand in mine and I'll spend my whole life loving you. As far as I could see there was no future left for me and so I found myself inside a bar without the love I knew I didnt know what I should do and so I drowned my sor rows in the wine.
Michael Perry - Calypso Carol.xml
See him lying on a bed of straw Draughty stable with an open door Mary cradling the babe she bore The prince of glory is his name. Oh, now carry me to Bethlehem To see the Lord appear to men Just as poor as was the stable then The prince of glory when he came.
Jonas Myrin, Matt Redman - 10,000 Reasons (Bless the Lord).xml
Bless the Lord, O my soul, O my soul. Worship His holy name. Sing like never before, O my soul, I'll worship Your holy name. The sun comes up it's a new day dawning It's time to sing Your song again Whatever may pass, and whatever lies before me, Let me be singing when the evening comes.
George and Ira Gershwin - A Foggy Day.xml
A Foggy Day in London town had me low and had me down. I viewed the morning with alarm, the British Museum had lost its charm. How long, I wondered, could this thing last? But the age of miracles hadn't passed, for suddenly, I saw you there and through foggy London town the sun was shining ev'rywhere. A where.
Elweed H. Stokes &  John R. Sweeney 1879 - Fill Me Now.xml
Hov er O'er me Ho ly Spir it Bathe my trem bling heart and brow Fill me with Thy hal lowed pres ence come o come and fill me now fill me now fill me now Je sus come and fill me now fill me with Thy hal lowed pres ence come O come and fill me now fill me now
Jean Schwartz, William Jerome - Chinatown, My Chinatown.xml
Chinatown my Chinatown where the lights are low hearts that know no other land Drifting to and from Dreamy dreamy Chinatown almond eyes of brown hearts seem light and life seems bright In dream y Chinatown.
Francis Lai, Lowell Mark, Norman Simon - Look Around (And You'll Find Me There).xml
I know that somewhere, there's someone who needs you; Someone meant for you only. Look around and you'll find me there. As long as I live, there's someone who'll want you; You won't ever be lonely. Let me know you, let me show you just how much I care Here inside me there's enough love for us both to share. Some day you'll look for that someone who loves you. Until then I'll be waiting Look around and you'll find me there. Let me Look around and you'll find me there Look around and you'll find me there.
Rod Temperton - Always And Forever.xml
Al ways and forever, each ment with you is just like a dream to me that somehow came true. (Ooh babe.) And I know tomorrow will still be the same, 'cause we've got a life of love that won't ever change. And ev'ry day love me your own special way. Melt all my heart away with a smile. Take time to tell me you really care and we'll share tomorrow together. Ooh baby I'll always love you forever (Always forever love you.) Ever, ever, ever!  There'll always be sunshine when I look at you Something I can't explain just the things that you do, (Ooh babe.) And if you get lonely, call me and take a second to give to me that magic you make. And I'll always love you forever. (Always forever love you) Ooh, baby, ooh baby. Yeah baby, yeah baby Forever. (Always forever love you) Love you! Love you! You! Always. (Always forever love you.) Ever, ever, ever! Forever, (Always forever love you.) Always. Oh! Ooh love,. (Always forever love you.) Ever, ever, ever! And always, I'll love you. Ever, ever, ever! Yes, I'm the one who, yes I'm the one who loves you always. (Always forever love you.) Forever, I'll love you.
Don Gibson - Oh, Lonesome Me.xml.1
Ev'rybody's goin' out and havin' fun. I'm just a fool for stayin' home and havin' none. I can't get over how she set me free. Oh, Lonesome Me A bad mistake I'mmakin' by just hangin' 'round. I know that I should have some fun and paint the town. Alovesick fool that's blind and just can't see. Oh, Lonesome me I'll bet she's not like me, she's out and fancy free, flirting with the boys with all her charms. But, I still love her so and brother don't you know I'd welcome her right back here in my arms. Well there
J.C. Fogerty - Down On The Corner.xml
Early in the evenin' Just about supper time, Over by the courthouse they're starting to unwind. Four kids on the corner trying to bring you up. Willy picks a tune out and he blows it on the harp. Down on the corner, out in the street, Willy and the Poorboys are playin'; bring a nickel; tap you feet. Rooster hits the washboard and people just got to smile, Blinky thumps the gutbass and solos for awhile. Poor boy twangs the rhythm out on his kalamazoo Willy goes into a dance and doubles on kazoo. feet.
Elton John & Gary Osborne - BLUE EYES.xml
Blue eyes, baby's got blue eyes like a deep blue sea on a blue blue day. Blue eyes, baby's got blue eyes when the morning comes, I'll be far away and I say ..Blue eyes holding back the tears holding back the pain baby's got blue eyes and she's alone again Blue eyes baby's got blue eyes like a clear blue sky watching over me. Blue eyes, ooh, I love blue eyes, when I'm by her side where I long to be, I will see 3...Blue eyes laughing in the sun, laughing in the rain, baby's got blue eyes, and I am home
Bruno Coquatrix, Sammy Gallop - Count Every Star.xml
Count ev'ry star in the midnight sky; count ev'ry rose, ev'ry firefly, for thats how many times I miss you. Heaven knows I miss you. Count ev'ry leaf on a willow tree; count ev'ry wave on a stormy sea. Count ev'ry star and darling, when you do, you'll know the times I have cried for you. you.
Chris Gantry - Dreams Of The Everyday Housewife.xml
She looks in the miror and stares at the wrin kles that weren't there yesterday and thinks of the young man that she almost married what would be think if he saw her this way? she holds up her apron in little girl fashion as something comes into her mind. then slowly starts dancing remembring her girlhood and all of the boys she had waiting in line. Ah such are the dreams of the every day housewife you see every where any time of the day like the every day housewife who gave up the good life for me the photograph album she takes from the closet and slowly turns the first page and carefully picks up the crumbling flower.,the first one he gave he now withered with age she colses her eyes and touches the housedress that suddenly disapears and just for the moment sh'es weariong the gown that broke all their minds back so many years
Bob Gibson, John D. Loudermilk - Abilene.xml
Abilene Abilene prettiest town I;ve ever seen womenthere dont treat you mean in Abilene my Abilene I sit alone most evry night watch those trains pull out of sight dont I wish they were carrying me back to Abilene my Abilene crowded city there aint nothing free nothing in this town for me wish to the Lord that I could be in Abilene sweet Abilene.
Fred Hellerman & Fran Minkoff - The Honey Wind Blows.xml
The Honey Wind Blows and the warm days dwindle, The butterfly spins a silk cocoon on a silvery spindle, The petals fall from the last red rose, The last red rose, When the honey wind blows; The petals fall and the summer goes, The summer goes, when the honey wind blows. (whistle repeat) blows. The honey wind blows and the days grow colder; Somehow the world and I have grown just a little bit older; I sit alone where the fire glows, The fire glows, When the honey wind blows, I sit alone and the good Lord knows, I love you so When the honey wind blows.
Maceo Pinkard, Doris Tauber, William Tracy - Them There Eyes.xml
I fell in love with you first time I looked into them there eyes You've got a certain lil' cute way of flirtin' with them there eyes they make me feel happy they make me blue No stallin' I'm fallin' going in a big way for sweet little you My heart is jumpin' you sure started something with them there eyes You'd better watch them if you're wise they sparkle they bubble they're gonna get you in a whole lot of trouble You're over workin' 'em There's danger lurkin in them there eyes.
Julio Sanders, Robert Lopez - Pablo The Dreamer.xml
They call him Pablo all the folks know he's a dreamer in Monterey now you'll hear them say now I wonder shy he spends the whole day in Siesta he doesnt try to join the dancing at Fiesta they call him Pablo he's content to be a dreamer 'neath his sombrero he lets all care go for since one magic night beside the RioGrande his heart was stolen and he's so in love he's dreaming of a maiden her lips were honey laden her eyes were like the moonglow before the rosy dawn she whisper'd wont you kiss me I hope you'll miss me we'll meet again amigo and she was gone They call him Pablo and they laugh while he is dreaming some think he's lazy some think he's crazy he doesnt care why should he share the thrill that fills him because someday his dreams will all come true.
David Raksin, Johnny Mercer - Laura.xml
Laura is the face in the misty light, footsteps that you hear down the hall. The laugh that floats on a summer night, that you can never quite recall. And you see Laura on the train that is passing thru, those eyes, how familiar they seem. She gave your very first kiss to you, that was Laura but she's only a dream.
Les Kettley - I Wanna Play Catch Up.xml
Baby can we play catch up, can I catch up with you, baby our love is too good to lose, when we both were together my love was just for you, baby you are the one I still choose. I wanna play catch up with you, I wanna play catch up with you I wanna play catch up, play
Jule Styne, Stephen Sondheim - Everything's Coming Up Roses.xml
Things look swell, Things look great, Gonna have the whole world on a plate. Starting here, Starting now, Honey, Ev'rything's Coming Up Roses! Clear the decks, Clear the tracks, We got nothing to do but relax. Blow a kiss, Take a bow, Honey, Ev'rything's Coming Up Roses! Now's our inning, Stand the world on its ear! Set it spinning, That 'll be just the beginning! Curtain up, Light the lights, We got nothing to hit but the heights! We'll be swell, We'll be great! I can tell, Just you wait! That lucky star I talk about is due! Honey, Ev'rything's Coming Up Roses for me and for you.
Pee Wee King - Tennessee waltz.xml
I was dancing with my darling to the Tenne ssee waltz when an old friend I happened to see Introduce him to my loved one and whilee they were dancing my friend stole my sweatheart from me I remember the night and the Tennessee waltz now I know just how much I have lost yes I lost my little darling the night they were playing the beautifull Tennessee waltz I re waltz
The Killers - SOMEBODY TOLD ME.xml
Break in my back just to know your name But heav en ain't closed in a place like this An y thing goes but don't blink you might miss Rea dy lets roll on to some thing knew Tak in its toll then I'm leav ing with out you cuz heav en ain't close in a place like this I said a heav en ain't close in a place like this bring it back down bring it back down to night WHO HOO Nev er thought I'd let a ru mor ru in my moon light Well, some bo dy told me you had a boy friend who looks like a girl friend I had in Feb ru ar y of last year. Its not con fid dent ial I've got po tent ial me you had a boy friend who looks like a girl friend I had in Feb ru ar y of last year. Its not con fid dent ial I've got po tent ial a rush ing, a rush ing a round. Now Some bo dy told
Traditional English - Early One Morning.xml
Early one morn ing just as the sun was ris ing I heard a maid sing in the val ley below Oh dont deceive me oh never leave me how could you use a poor maidenso oh gay is the gar land and fresh are the flow ers I've culled from the gar  den to bind on thy brow Oh dont de ceive me oh never leave me How could you use a poor maiden so.
Andrew Wright, Calvin Lewis - When a Man Loves a Woman.xml
When a man loves a wom man can't keep his mind on noth' in else He'd trade the world for a good thing he's found If she is bad he can't see it. She can do no wrong, Turn his back on his best friend if he puts her down. When a man loves a wom an spend his very last dime Trying to hold on to what he needs. He's give up all his comforts and sleep out in the rain if she said that's the way it ought to be When a man loves a wom an I give you every thing I've got Trying to hold on to your precious love Baby,baby, please don't treat me bad When a man loves a woman deep down in his soul she can bring him such misery If she is play ing him for a fool he's the last one to know Loving eyes can never see Yes, when a man loves a woman I know exactly how he feels cause baby ba by When a man loves a wom an When a
Michael Carr, Eric Maschwitz - He Wears A Pair Of Silver Wings.xml
Altho' some people say that he's a crazy guy To me he means a million other things. For he's the one who taught this happy heart of mine to fly, He wears a pair of silver wings. And tho' it's pretty tough the job he does above, I wouldn't have him change it for a king's An ordinary fellow in the uniform I love He wears a pair of silver wings. I'm so full of pride when we go walking ev'ry time he's home on leave. He with those wings on his tunic Me with my heart on my sleeve. But when I''m left alone and we are far apart I sometimes wonder what tomorrow brings For I adore that crazy guy who taught my happy heart to wear a pair of silver wings. wings
Carly Simon and Jacob Brackman - That's The Way I've Always Heard It Could Be.xml
My Father sits at night with no lights on. His cigarette glows in the dark. The Living room is still. I walk by, no remark I tiptoed past the master bedroom where my mother reads her magazine i hear her call, "Sweet dreams" but i forget how to dream but you say it's time we moved in to gether and raised a famly of our own, you and me. Well, thats the way I've always heard it should be. You want to marry me? we'll marry
Gus Kahn & Frank Westphal - When You Come To The End Of The Day.xml
When you come to the end of the day, and the night calls your worries away, do you ever watch the setting sun and dream of things that you might have done. Do you turn from your work with a smile, do you feel that it's all worth the while, as you dream the twilight hours away, When You Come To The End Of The Day.
Bert Kaempfert, Charles Singleton, Eddie Snyder - Strangers In The Night.xml
Strangers in the night exchanging glances wond'ring in the night what were the chances we'd be sharing love before the night was through. Something in your eyes was so inviting,  something in your smile was so exciting, something in my heart told me I must have you  Strangers in the night, two lonely people we were Strangers in the night up to the moment when we said our first hello. Little did we know love was just a glance away, a warm embracing dance away and ever since that night we've been together. Lovers at first sight, in love forever. It turned out so right for Strangers in the night.
Jimmie Cox - Nobody Knows You When You're Down And Out.xml
Once I lived the life of a millionaire; Spending my money, I didn't care. I took all my friends out for a good time, Buyin' high price liquor, champagne and wine. When I began to fall so low, I din't have a friend and no place to go. If I ever get hold of a dollar again, Gonna hold on to it till the eagle grins. Nobody knows you when you're down and out. In your pocket not one penny; And your friends, you haven't any. But if you ever get on your feet again, Then you'll find your long lost friends. It's mighty strange without a doubt; Nobody knows you when you're down and out. I mean when you're down and out.
Harpo - Movie Star.xml
You feel like Steve McQueen when you're driving in your car And you thinkyou look like James Bond when you're smoking your cigar, It's so bizarre, You think you are a new kind of James Dean, but the only thing I've ever seen of you was the commercial spot on the screen. Movie star oh movie star you think you are a movie, Movie star oh movie star you think you are a movie star Ahaa You should belong to the jetset, Fly your own private Lear Jet But you worked in a groery store ev'ry day until you could afford to get away So you went to Sweden to meet Ingmar Bergman, he wasn't there, or he just didn't care, I think it's time for you my friend to stop pretending that you are a movie star a movie star you think you are a movie, Movie star a movie star you think you are a movie star Ahaa Frozen hero your words are zero, and your dreams have vanishedinto dark and long ago but you will want to know (Movie star) Oh movie star You think you are a movie Movie star, a movie star You think you are a movie Movie star a movie star You think you are a movie Moviestar a movie star
Pete St. John - The Fields of Athenry.xml
By a lonely prison wall I heard a young girl call ing. Micheal they are taking you a  way for you stole Trevelyns corn so the young might see the morn. Now a prison ship lies waiting in the bay. Low lie the Fields of Athenry where once we watched the small free birds fly. Our love was on the wing we had dreams and songs to sing. It's so lonely round the Fields of Athenry.
John Lennon - Paul McCartney - Maxwell's Silver Hammer.xml
Joan was quizzical, studied metaphysical science in the home. Late nights all alone with a test= tube. Ohhohohoh! Maxwell Edison majoring in medicine calls her on the phone. "Can I take you out to the pictures Joaoaoaoan?" But as she's getting ready to go A knock comes on the door. Bang, bang, Maxwell's silver hammer came down upon her head! Bang, bang, Maxwell's silver hammer made sure that she was dead! Maxwell's silver hammer!
Harry Stone, Jack Stapp - Chattanoogie Shoe Shine Boy.xml
Have you ever passed the corner of fourth and grand where a little ball of rhythm has a shoe shine standpeople gather round and they clap their hands he's a great big bundle of joy he's pops a boogit woogie rag the chattanoogie shoe shine boy he charges you a nickel just to shine one shoe he makes the old est kind of leather look like new you feel as tho you want to dance when he gets thru he's a great big bundle of joy, he pops a boogie woogie rag the chattanoogie shoe shine boy its a wonder that the rag dont tear the way he makes it pop you ought to see him fan the air with his hop pity hippity hip pi ty hoppity hoppity hippity hop, he opens up for bus'ness when the clock stikes nine he likes to get 'em warly when they're feelin fine ev'ry body gets a little rise and shine with the great big bundle of joy he pops a boogie woogie rag the chattanoogie shoe shine boy Have you boy.
Chris Arnold, David Martin And Geoff Morrow - Can't Smile Without You.xml
You know I can't smile without you, I can't smile without you, I can't laugh and I can't sing, I'm finding it hard to do anything. You see I feel sad when you're sad, I feel glad when you're glad, if you only knew what I'm going through; I just can't smile without you. You came along just like a song and brightened my day. Who'da believed that you were part of a dream. Now it all seems lightyears away. And now you know I can't smile without you, I can't smile without you, I can't laugh and I can't sing, I'm finding it hard to do anything You see I feel sad when you're sad, I feel glad when you're glad, if you only knew what I'm going through; I just can't smile. Now, some people say happiness takes so very long to find. Well, I'm finding it hard leaving your love behind me. And you see, I can't smile without you, I can't smile without you, I can't laugh, and I can't sing, I'm finding it hard to do anything. You see I feel glad when you're glad, I feel sad when you're sad, if you only knew what I'm going through; I just can't smile without you
Walter Donaldson, Sam Lewis, Joe Young. - How You Gonna Keep Em Down On The Farm?.xml
How you gonna keep em down on the farm after they've seen Parree? How you gonna keep em away from Broadway gadding around apainting the town How you gonna keep em 'way from harm? thats the mystery they'll never want to use a rake or a plough and who the heck can Parlez vous a cow? How you gonna keep em down on the farm after they've seen Parree?
Frank Loesser - Anywhere I Wander.xml
Her arms were warm as they welcomed me her eyes were fire bright and then I knew that my path must be thru the ever haunted night for anywhere I wander anywhere I roam till I'm in the arms of my darling again my heart will find no home Anywhere I wan der Anywhere I roam.
Traditional - Tom Dooley.xml
Hang down your head Tom Dooley hang down your head and cry hang down your head Tom Dooley poor boy, you're bound to die I met her on the mountain then I took her life met her on the mountain stuck her with my knife This time to morrow reckon where I'll be Hadnt abeen for Grayson I'dbe in Tennessee
Irving Mills, Nat King Cole - Straighten Up And Fly Right.xml
A buzzard took a monkey for a ride in the air, The monkey thought that ev'rything was on the square. The buzzard tried to throw the monkey off of his back, But the monkey grabbed his neck and said, "Now listen, Jack;" Straoghten up and fly right! straighten up and fly right! straighten up and fly right! Cool down Papa, don't you blow your top. Ain't no use in divin'' What's the use of divin? Straighten up and fly right, Cool down Papa don't you blow your top. The buzzard tod the monkey, "You are chokin' me, Release your hold and I wil set you free." The monkey looked the buzzard right dead in the eye, and said, "Your story's so touching, it sounds just like a lie." Straighten up and flyright, straighten up and fly right, straighten up and fly    right! Cool down Papa don't you blow your top. blow your top.
Rebecca J. Peck 2003 - His Life For Mine.xml
His heart was bro ken mine was mend ed He be came sin now I am clean the cross He car ried bore my bur den the nails that held Him set me free His life for mine mine His life for mine How could it ev er be that He would die God's Son would die to save a wretch like me what love di vine He gave His life for mine His scars of suf fering brought me heal ing heal ing for me He spilled his blood to fill my soul His crown of thorns made me roy al ty His sor row gave me joy un told His life for mine His life for mine How could it ev er be that He would die God's Son would die to save a wretch like me what love di vine! He gave his life for mine He was des pised and re ject ed stripped of His gar ment and op pressed I am loved and ac cept ed and I wear a robe of right eous ness His life for mine His life for mine how could it ev er be that He would die God's Son would die to save a wretch like me? what love di vine He gave His life for mine
Hal Poole, Austin Casey , Paul Schriber  - In The Moonlight.xml
It was midnight on the beach at waikiki where I kissed you, in the sweetest dream, it was splendid our hearts were blended IN THE MOONLIGHT. Stars were shining from the heavens up above, you were smiling oh so tenderly, I was beaming, I was dreaming, IN THE MOONLIGHT. There was no need to speak, for we were in dreamland wrapped up in heavenly love, and there was a glow, a heavenly glow from the moon way up above. It was midnight when my love dreams all came true, you were smiling, 'twas the sweetest view, I'd awakend there to find myself bound IN THE MOON LIGHT with you. It was bound in the moonlight with you my darling wrapped in the moonlight with you.
Django Reinhardt, Spencer Williams - Nuages.xml
It's the bluest kind of blues my baby sings. It's the newest kind of blues my baby sings. It's the kind that makes you sigh. It's the kind that makes you cry. Doing something to my poor heart like a lullaby. It's the bluest kind of blues my baby sings. It's the truest kind of blues my baby brings. Always on my mind a wake. or a sleeping. It's the bluest kind of blues my baby sings.
Nicholas Brodszky, Sammy Cahn - Be My Love.xml
Be my love, for noone else can end this yearning, This need that you and you alone create. Just fill my arms the way you've filled my dreams, The dreams that you inspire with ev'ry sweet desire. Be my love, and with your kisses set me burning; One kiss is all I need to seal my fate, And hand in hand, we'll find loves promised land. There'll be noone but you for me eternally, if you will be my love. Be my love.
Gordon Jenkins - Goodbye.xml
I'll never forget you, I'll never forget you, I'll never forget how we promised one day, To love one another forever that way, We said we'd never say goodbye. But that was long ago, Now you've forgotten, I know, No use to wonder why, Let's say farewell with a sigh, Let love die. But we'll go on living our own way of living, So you take the high road and I'll take the low, It's time that we parted, It's much better so, But kiss me as you go, Goodbye. I'll
Helen Miller, Roger Atkins - MAKE ME YOUR BABY.xml
I'm gon na kiss you in a spec ial way MAKE ME YOUR BA BY I'll find a way to please you ev' ry day MAKE ME YOUR BA BY MAKE ME Make my your ba by Kiss me Kiss me and may be you will see Par a dise is wait ing for you and me if you'll make me your ba by If you make me your ba by You'll know a love no one has known be fore MAKE ME YOUR BA BY A love that we would share for ev er more When I'm your ba by
Traditional - St James Infirmary Blues.xml
I went down to Saint James Infirmary, and I saw my baby there. She was stretched on a long white table, so sweet, so cold, so fair. It was down in old Joe's Barroom On the corner by the square The drinks were served as usual and the usual crowd was there
Ted Snyder, Bert Kalmar, Harry Ruby - Who's Sorry Now.xml
You smiled when we parted, it hurt me somehow, I thought there was nothing worthwhile. The tables are turning, and you're crying now, while I am just learning to smile. Who's sorry now? Who's sorry now? Whose heart is aching for breaking each vow? Who's sad and blue? Who's crying too? Just like I cried over you. Right to the end, just like a friend, I tried to warn you somehow. You had your way, now you must pay; I'm glad that you're sorry now. Although I forgive you, I cannot forget, how you shattered all my ideals. You smiled when I told you that you would regret, and now you know just how it feels. now.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - You Won't See Me.xml
When I call you up your line's engaged I have had enough so act your age we have lost thetime that was so hard to find and I will lose my mind if you wont see me you wont see me I dont know why you should want to hide but I can't get through my hands are tied I dont want to stay I dont have much to say but I can't turn away and you wont see me you wont see me Time after time you refuse to even lis ten I wouldn't mine if I knew what I was miss in' though the days are few they're filled with tears and since I lost you it feels like years yes it seems so long girl since you've been gone I just cant go on if you wont see me you wont see me
Billy Mayhew - It's A Sin To Tell A Lie.xml.1
You know it's a sin to tell a lie still you keep saying I love you it may be true I wish I knew but I'm giving fair warning to you. Be sure it's true when you say Im love you It's a sin to tell a lie. Millions of hearts have been broken just because these words were spoken. I love you, yes, I do, I love you. If you break my heart I'll die; so be sure it's true when you say I love you, it's a sin to tell a lie be sure it's lie.
Irving Berlin - When I Lost You.xml
The roses each one, met with the sun, sweetheart, when I met you. The sunshine had fled, the roses were dead, sweetheart when I lost you. I lost the sunshine and roses, I lost the heavens of blue. I lost the beauti ful rainbow, I lost the morning dew. I lost the angel who gave me summer the whole winter thru I lost the gladness that turned into sadness when I lost you. The birds ceased their song, right turned to wrong, sweetheart when I lost you. A day turned to years, the world seemed in tears, sweetheart when I lost you. you.
Bernie Baum, Stephan Weiss - Music! Music! Music!.xml
Put another nickel in in the nickelodeon all I want is having you and music music music I'd do any thing for you anything you'd want me to all I want is kissing you and mu sic mu sic mu sic Closer my dear come closerthe nicest part of any melody is when your dancing close to me so put another nickel in in the nickelodeon all I want is loving you and music music mu sic music
Turner Layton, Henry Creamer - After You've Gone.xml
After you've gone and left me crying, After you've gone, there's no denying, You'll feel blue, you'll feel sad, You'll miss the dearest pal you've ever had. There'll come a time, now don't forget it, There'll come a time when you'll regret it. Some day, when you grow lonely,Your heart will break like mine and you'll want me only; After you've gone, after you've gone away.After you've gone, after we break up, After you've gone, you're gonna wake up. You will find you were blind To let somebody come and change your mind. After the years we've been together, Through joy and tears, all kinds of weather, Some day, blue and downhearted, You'll long to be with me right back where we started; After you've gone, after you've gone away.
John Claude Gummoe - Rhythm of the Rain.xml
Listen to the rhythm of the falling rain. Tell ing me just what a fool I've been. I wish that it would go and let me cry in vain, And let me be alone again. The only girl I care about has gone away, Look ing for a brand new start But little does she know that when she left that day A long with her she took my heart. Rain please tell me now does that seem fair? For her to steal my heart away when she don't care. I can't love another when my heart's somewhere far away. The Rain won't you tell her that I love her so Please ask the sun to set her heart aglow Rain in her heart and let the love we knew start to grow. Listen to the rhythm of the falling rain Tell ing me just what a fool I've been I wish that it would go and let me cry in vain And let me be alone again.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Falling In Love With Love.xml
Falling in love with love is falling for make believe falling in love with love is playing the fool Caring too much is such a juvenile fancy Learning to trust is just for children in school I fell in love with you one night when the moon was full I was unwide with eyes un able to see I fell in love with love with love ever lasting but love fell out with me.
Milton Ager, Jack Yellen - Happy Days are Here Again.xml
Happy days are here again! The skies above are clear again. Let us sing a song of cheer again, Happy days are here again.
John Williams, Leslie Bricusse - Can You Read My Mind?.xml
Can you read my mind? Do you know what it is you do to me? Don't know who you are. Just a friend from another star. Here I am like a kid out of school, holding hands with a god or a fool. Will you look at me quivering like a little girl shivering. You can see right through me. Can you read my mind? can you picture the things I'm thinking of? Wond'ring why you are all the wonderful things you are. You can fly. You belong to the sky. You and I could belong to each other. If you need a friend, I'm the one to fly to. If you need to be loved, here I am. Read my mind!
Lou Handman, Roy Turk - Are You Lonesome Tonight?.xml
Tonight I'm downhearted, for though we are parted, I love you and I always will. And while I'm so lonely, I'm writing you only, To see if you care for me still. Are you lonesome tonight, Do you miss me tonight, Are you sorry we drifted apart? Does your memory stray, to a bright summer day, when I kissed you and called you "sweetheart?" Do the chairs in your parlor seem empty and bare? Do you gaze at your doorstep and picture me there? Is your heart filled with pain, Shall I come back again? Tell me, dear, are you lonesome tonight? Are you night?
Jean Lenoir, Bruce Sievier(Eng.) - Speak To Me Of Love.xml
Speak to me of love and say what I'm longing to hear. Tender words of love repeat them again I implore you. Speak to me of love and whisper those words to me, Dear I adore You!.
Will Grosz, Jimmy Kennedy - Ten Pretty Girls.xml
There were ten pretty girls at the village school; picture ten village belles at a village school, Cute and sweet, short and tall, and a boy loved them all, But you can't marry ten pretty girls. There were Ten pretty girls and I'll tell you this, That the boy's biggest thrill was to steal a kiss, But it don't mean a thing playing "kiss in the ring" 'Cause you can't marry ten pretty girls. Now five were blondes and four brunettes and one was a saucy little redhead; The girls grew up; The boy left school, and at twenty one he wedded the saucy little redhead. Oh, that one pretty girl at the village school, Here's what she taught the boy at the village school, Kissing girls may be fun but your heart picks on one, So you can't marry ten pretty girls. Now girls. Kissing girls may be fun but your heart picks on one, so you can't marry ten pretty girls
Jesse Harris, Nikki Yanofsky, Ron Sexsmith - Bienvenue dans ma Vie.xml
Bien venu dans ma   vie. Tout  est  bri llant ici i i  It's warm inside, my door's open wiiide Don't stand  out  si i i i ide You  can  see  from  far  away  It's  the  kind  of  place  you'ld  like  to  stay kick off your shoes forget your striife. There's a light on in the hall, leading to  a place where you can fall and rest your  head and close your eyes. Welcome to myy life. Every thing's full of liiight Il fait gris dehors, ne t'inquiete pas mon amour Fait de couleur dans mon coeur. Bienvenu dans ma vie.
Eddie Seiler, Guy Wood, Sol Marcus - Till Then.xml
Till then my darling please wait for me Till then no matter when it will be, one day we'll be together again please wait till then Our dreams will live tho' we are apart our love I know will keep in our hearts, till then please think of me lovingly and wait for me Although there are oceans we must cross and mountains that we must climb, I know evry gain must have a loss so pray that our loss is nothing but time. Till then lets dream of what there will be till then we'll call on each memory till then when I will hold you again, please wait till then
Katy Perry - I Kissed a Girl.xml
This was never the way I planned Not my intention I got so brave drink in hand Lost my discretion It's not what I'm used to Just wanna try you on I'm curious for you Caught my attention I kissed a girl I liked it The taste of her cherry chap stick I kissed a girl just to try it I hope my boyfriend don't mind it It felt so wrong It felt so right Don't mean I'm in love tonight I kissed a girl I liked it I liked it Us girls we are so magical Soft skin, red lips, so kissable Hard to resist so touchable Too good to deny it Ain't no big deal, it's innocent I kissed a girl and I liked it The taste of her cherry chap stick I kissed a girl just to try it I hope my boyfriend don't mind it It felt so wrong It felt so right Don't mean I'm in love tonight I kissed a girl and I liked it I liked it
Phil Everly - When Will I Be Loved (Transcribed).xml
I've been cheated... been mistreat ed. When will I I be loved? I've been put down. I've been pushed round. When will I I be loved? When I find a new man that I want for mine, it always breaks my heart in two. It happens ev'ry time. I've been made blue. I've been lied to. When will I I be loved? When I find a new man that I want for mine, it always breaks my heart in two. It happens ev'ry time I've been cheated... been mistreated. When will I I be loved? When will I I be loved? Tell me when will I be loved?
F. Dudleigh Vernor, Byron D. Stokes - The Sweetheart Of Sigma Chi.xml
The girl of my dreams is the sweeteest girl of all the girls I know Each sweet coed like a rainbow trail, Fades in the after glow. The blue of her eyes and the gold of her hair, are a blend of the western sky; And the moonlight beams on the girl of my dreams; She's the Sweetheart of Sigma Chi The Chi.
Don George - The Yellow Rose Of Texas.xml
There's a yellow rose in Texas that I am going to see Nobody else could miss her not half as much as me she cried so when I left her It like to broke my heart and if I ever find her we never more will part she's the sweetest little rosebud that Texas ever knew her eyes are bright as diamonds they sparkle like the dew you may talk about your Clementine and sing of Rosalee but the yellow rose of Texas it the only girl for me Where the Rio Grande is flowing and starry skies are bright She walks along the river in the quiet summer night I know that she remembers when,we parted long ago I promised to return and not to leave her so me.
Bobby Russell - Little Green Apples.xml
And I wake up in the morning with her hair down in my eyes and she says Hi and I stumble to the breakfast table while the kids are going off to school goodbye and she reaches out and takes my hand squeezes it says how you feelin Hon? and I lood across at smiling lips that warm the heart and see my morning sun and if thats not loving me then all I've go to say God didnt make little green apples and it dont rain in Indianaplis in the summertime theres no such thing as Doctor Seuss Disneyland and Mother Goose is no nursery thyme
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - If I Loved You (Alternative Changes).xml
If I loved you time and again I would try to say all I'd want you to know. If I loved you words wouldn't come in an easy way round in circles I'd Longing to tell you but afraid and shy, I'd let my golden chances pass me by! Soon you'd leave me, Off you would go in the mist of day, Never, never, to know; How I loved you, if I loved you.
Iain MacLachlan, David Silver - The Dark Island.xml
Away to the westward I'm longing to be, Where the beauties of heaven unfold by the sea; Where the sweet purple heather blooms fragrant and free, On a hilltop high above the dark is land Oh isle of my childhood I'm dreaming of thee, As the steamer leaves Oban and passes Tiree; Soon I'll capture the magic that lingers for me, When I'm back once more upon the dark
Michel Legrand, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - The Way He Makes Me Feel.xml
There's no chill, and yet I shiver. there's no flame and yet I burn. I'm not sure what I'm afraid of and yet I'm tremb'ling. There's no storm yet I hear thunder, and I'm breathless; why, I wonder? Weak one moment, then the next I'm fine. I feel as if I'm falling ev'ry time I close my eyes, and flowing thru my body is a river of surprise. Feelings are awakening I hardly recognize as mine. What are all these new sensations? What's the secret they reveal? I'm not sure I understand But I like the way I feel Oh, why is it that ev'ry time I close my eyes he's there, the water shining on his skin, the sunlight in his hair?   And all the while I'm thinking things that I can never share with him. I'm a bundle of confusion, Yet it has a strange appeal, Did it all begin with him, And the way he makes me feel I like the way he makes me feel!
Marcos Valle, Paulo Sergio Valle, Norman Gimbel - So Nice (Summer Samba).xml
Someone to hold me tight, that would be very nice: Someone to love me right, that would be very nice; Someone to understand each little dream in me; Someone to take my hand, to be a team with me; So nice, life would be so nice. If one day I'd find Someone who would take my hand and samba thru' life with me. Someone to cling to me. stay with me right or wrong; Someone to sing to me some little samba song. Someone to take my heart, then give his heart to me. Someone who's ready to give love a start with me. Oh yes That would be so nice. Should it be you and me, I could see that would be nice. nice.
Robert Allen, Al Stillman - Home For The Holidays.xml
Oh, there's no place like home for the holi  days 'cause no matter how far away you roam. When you pine for sunshine of a friendly gaze, for the holidays you can't beat home sweet home. I met a man who lives in Tennessee and he was headin' for Pennsylvania and some home made pumpkin pie. From Pennsylvania folks are travlin' down to Dixie's sunny shore; from Atlantic to Pacific, gee, the traffic is terrific. Oh, there's can't beat home sweet home.
John D. Loudermilk - Sad Movies (Make Me Cry).xml
He said he had to work so I went to the show alone. They turned down the lights and turned the projector on And just as the news of the world started to begin I saw my darling and my best friend walk in Though I was sitting there they didnt see and so they sat right down in front of me and when he kissed her lips I almost died and in the middle of the color cartoon I started to cry Oh ooSad movies always make me cry Oh o o sad movies always make me cry so I got up and slowly walked on home and mama saw the tears and said "whats wrong?" and so to keep from telling her a lie I just said sad movies make me cry He cry.
Ken Hensley - Lady in Black.xml
She came to me one morning, one lonely Sunday morning her long hair flowing in the mid winter wind. I know not how she found me for in darkness I was walking and destruction lay around me from a fight I could not win. Ah... ah...
Andre Crouch 1971 - Through It All.xml
I've have man y tears and sor rows I've had quest ions for to mor row There've been times I did n't know right from wrong but in ev ery sit u a tion God gave bles sed con so la tion that my tri als on ly come to make me strong through it all through it all I have learned to trust in Je sus I've learned to trust in God through it all through it all I've learned to de pend up on His Word I've been to lots of pla ces and I've seen a lot of fac es Ther've been times I felt so all a lone but in my lone ly hou rs yes those pre cious lone ly hou rs Je sus let me know that I was His own through it all through it all I have learned to trust in Je sus I've learned to trust in God through it all through it all I've learned to de pend up on His Word I thank God for the mou tains and I thank Him for the val leys I thank Him for the storms He brought me through for If I nev er had a pro blem I'd never know that He could solve them I'd never know what faith in God could do through it all through it all I have learned to trust in Je sus I've learned to trust in God through it all through it all I've learned to de pend up on His Word
Marty Gold, Al Albert - Tell Me Why.xml
Tell me why though I try to forget tell me why why I think of you yet I know I'll never be free what has happened to me? tell me why when we danced until three tell me why why my heart couldn't see I never dreamed of romance never gave it a chance when I think of how you looked that day in your gown of silk and lace should have known the day you came my way that this is the time and the place tell me why I keep fooling my heart when I know it was love from the start why don't we give it a try if you know tell me why tell me
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - Let it Snow....xml
Oh the Weather out side is fright ful but the fire is so delightful and since we've no place to go let it snow let it snow let it snow It does n't show signs of stopping and I brought some corn for popping the lights are turned way down low
Bob Dylan - Don't Think Twice,It's All Right.xml
It ain't no use to sit and wonder why, Babe It don't matter anyhow. An' it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, Babe If you don't know by now. When the rooster crows at the break of dawn Look out your window and I'll be gone. You're the reason I'm trav'lin' on' Don't think twice, it's all right. ..It ain't no use in turnin' on your light, Babe That light I never knowed. An' it ain't no use in turnin' on your light, Babe I'm on the dark side of the road. Still I wish there was somethin' you would do or say To try and make me change my mind and stay. We never didtoo much talkin' anyway, So don't think twice, it's all ..I'm walkin' down that long lonesome road, Babe Where I'm bound I can't tell. But goodbye's too good a word, Gal So I'll just say fare thee well. I ain't sayin you treated me unkind, You could have done better but I don't mind. You just kinda wasted my precious time, But don't think twice, it's all right. ..It ain't no use in callin' out my name, Gal Like you never did be fore. It ain't no use in callin' out my name, Gal I can't hear you any more. I'm a thinkin' and a wond'rin' all the way down the road, I once loved a woman, a child I'm told. I give her my heart but she wanted my soul, But don't think twice it's all
James Cavanaugh, John Redmond & Frank Weldon - I Came, I Saw, I Conga'd.xml
I Came I Saw I Conga'd, I came I saw, I conga'd, it's plain to see you conquered me. Each time I shake a shoulder, I get a little bolder a dance like this de serves a kiss. My sweet muchacha, when I gotcha in my arms, this Cuban hotcha adds so mucha to your charms. The Bongos beat the rhythm, maraccas shake it with'em, that latin riff is too terriff. I Came, I Saw, I Conga'd, I came I saw I conga'd, I can't deny it's got that I, Yi, conga I, Yi, Conga, I, Yi, Conga, Yi.
Irving Berlin - Heat Wave.xml
We're having a heat wave, a tropical heat wave. The temp'ratures rising it isn't surprising. She certainly can cancan. She started the heat wave, by letting her seat wave, and in such a way that the customers say that she certainly can cancan. Gee her anato my made the mercury jump to ninety three. Yes sir! We're having a heat wave, a tropical heat wave, the way that she moves that thermometer proves that she certainly can can can.
Cliff Friend, Charles Tobias - Time Waits For No One.xml
TIME WAITS FOR NO ONE It passes you by, it rolls on forever like the clouds in the sky. TIME WAITS FOR NO ONE goes on endlessly it's just like a river flowing out to the sea. You'll find that love is like this each precious moment we miss will never ever return again. So don't let us throw one sweet moment away TIME WAITS FOR NO ONE let's take love while we may TIME WAITS FOR may.
John Hathcock, Ray Winkler - Welcome To My World.xml
Welcome to my world Won't you come on in, Miracles I guess, Still happen now and then. Step into my heart, Leave your cares behind, welcome to my world, Built with you in mind. Knock and the door will open Seek and you will find, Ask and you'll be given, The key to this world of mine. I'll be waiting here, With my arms unfurled, Waiting just for you Welcome to my world. Welcome to my world.
Earl Robinson, Lewis Allan - The House I Live In.xml
What is America to me? A name, a map, or a flag I see? A certain word: Democracy? What is America to me? The house I live in; a plot of earth, the street. The grocer and the butcher and all the people that I meet. The children in the playground, the faces that I see, all races and religions; That's America to me. The place I work in, the worker by my side. The little town or city where my people lived and died. The "howdy" and the handshake; the air of feeling free; and the right to speak your mind out; that's America to me. The things I see about me, the big things and the small; that little corner newsstand, or the house a mile tall. The wedding and the churchyard; the laughter and the tears. The dream that's been agrowing for more than two hundred years. The town I live in; the street, the house, the room. The pavement of the city, or a garden all in bloom. The church, the school, the clubhouse; the million lights I see; especially the people; that's America to me.
Pat Genaro, Sunny Skylar - You're Breaking My Heart.xml
You're breaking my heart cause you're leaving you've fallen for somebody new it isnt too easy believing you'd leave after all we've been through its breaking my heart to remem ber the dreams we depended up on you're leaving a slow dying ember I'll miss you my love when you're gone I wish you joy tho teardrops burn but if some day you should want to re turn please hurry back and we'll make a new start till then youre breaking my heart. you're heart.
Sammy Fain, Jack Yellen - Are You Havin' Any Fun.xml
Are you havin' any fun? What y' gettin' out o' livin'? What good is what you've got if you're not havin' any fun? Are you havin' any laughs? Are you gettin' any lovin'? If other people do so can you; have a little fun. After the honey's in the comb little bees go out and play; Even the old gray mare down home has got to have hay. Hey! Better have a little fun. You ain't gonna live forever; Before you're old and gray still okay. Have your little fun, son! Have your little fun! Are you havin' any fun!
Gene Autry, Ray Whitley - Back In The Saddle Again.xml
I'm back in the saddle again out where a friend is a friend where the longhorn cattle feed on the lowly jimson weed I'm back in the saddle againRidin the range once more totin my old forty four where you sleep out evry night where the only law is right I'm back in the saddle again whoopi ti yi yo rockin to and fro back in the saddle again whoopiti yiyay I go my way back in the saddle again.
Harry Woods, Mort Dixon - I'm Looking Over A Four Leaf Clover.xml
I'm looking over a four leaf clover that I overlooked before One leaf is sunshine, the second is rain, third is the roses that grow in the lane. No need explaining the one remaining is somebody I adore. I'm looking over a four leaf clover that I overlooked before.
Dave Apollan, Leon Towers Robins - Goodbye, Hawaii.xml
Is land of dream's there's a tear in my heart, is land of dreams, it is time to depart, tho' honolula I am blue my honalulu i'll be true goodbye, hawaii, goodbye, my isle of paradise I'll keep a lo ha's memory, to guide me on my way remember, hawaii my love is love that never dies,
Charles Chaplin 1966 - This Is My Song.xml
why is my heart so light why are the stars so bright? why is the sky so blue since the hour I met you A lone I sing in moon light with you in my heart su preme to hear you say I love you that is my hope my dream Love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you The world can not be wrong if in this world there's you I care not what this world may say with out your love there is no day love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you flow ers are smil ing bright smil ing for our de light smil ing so ten der ly for the world you and me I know why the world is smil ing smil ing so ten der ly it hears the same old sto ry through out e ter ni ty Love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you The world can not be wrong if in this world there's you I care not what this world may say with out your love there is no day love this is my song here is a song a ser e nade to you
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - They Can't Take That Away From Me.xml.1
Our romance won't end on a sorrowful note. Though by tomorrow you're gone The song is ended but as the songwriter wrote, The melody lingers on. They may take you from me, I'll miss your fond caress. But though they take you from me I'll still possess. The way you wear your hat The way you sip your tea The mem'ry of all that No, they can't take that away from The way your smile just beams The way you sing off key The way you haunt my dreams No, no they can't take that a way from me We may never never meet again on the bumpy road to love Still I'll always, always keep the mem'ry of The way you hold your knife The way we danced till three The way you changed my life, No, no they can't take that a way from me No they can't take that away from me The way you wear your hat,
Johnny Farrow, Marty Symes - I Have But One Heart.xml
I have but one heart this heart I bring you. I have but one heart to share with you. I have but one dream that I can cling to. You are the one dream I pray comes true. My darling, until I saw you, I never felt this way, And nobody else before you ever has heard me say: You are my one love my life I live for you I have but one heart to give to you.
Moya, Clarence Lucas - The Song Of Songs.xml
Do you recall that night in June when first we met? Do you remember, love, the words we spoke? Have you forgotten all the tender vows we made in the silent magical moonbeams' light? Gone are the golden dreams with summer roses, And all our tenderest vows were made but to be broken. Song of songs, song of memory, And broken melody of love and life. Never more to me can that melody Fill the heart with the joy once it knew. O night of bliss night of June and love, Beneath the stars, amid the roses. O dream of delight that faded at dawn. O song of songs, O night of bliss, When you were my whole world of love. I hear the nightingale within that garden fair, Sing as he sang when you were by my side: I see your eyes reveal the love no words can tell, And I know 'twas destiny made you mine. Why should the robin sing when you are vanished, And ev'ry blossoming flow'r outlive our dearest vows? O love. When you were my whole world of loveof love.
Dana  Suesse, Billy Rose - The Night Is Young And You're So Beautiful.xml
The night is young and you're so beautiful, here among the shadows, beautiful lady, open your heart. The scene is set, the breezes sing of it: can't you get into the swing of it, lady when do we start? When the lady is kissable and the evening is cool, any dream is permissable in the heart of a fool. The moon is high and you're so glamorous, and if I seem over amorous, lady, what can I do? The night is young and I'm in love with you.
Alain Whyte, Morrissey - We Hate It When Our Friends Become Successful.xml
La la dah de La la dah de La la dah de dah La la dah de La la dah de La la dah de We Hate It When Our Friends Be come Suc cess ful OH, look at those clothes Look at that face its so old And such a vid e o WELL! Its real ly laugh ab le Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha We Hate It When Our Friends Be come Suc cess ful and if they're North ern that makes it ev en worse AND If we could de stroy them You bet your life we will de stroy them If we can hurt them Well, we may as well Its real ly laugh ab le Ah You see it shoul da been me It coul da been me Ev' ry bod y knows Ev' ry bod y says "SO!" They say: You have loads of songs so man y songs More Songs than they'd stand. "verse" "chor us" "mid dle eight" "break" "fade"
Andrew Culverwell, 1974 - Born Again.xml
you may think it fool ish what I'm gon na say I'm not a shamed no not a shamed one day I prayed Jes us take my sin a way and that's when I was born a gain born a gain there's real ly been a change in me born a gain just like Je sus said born a gain and all be cause of cal va ry I'm glad so glad that I've been born a gain one man came to Jes su John and chap ter three and so a fraid O so a fraid Mas ter you're from God I real ly do be lieve and Je sus said be born a gain born a gain there's real ly been a change in me born a gain just like Je sus said born a gain and all be cause of cal va ry I'm glad so glad that I've been born a gain you may think it fool ish what I'm gon na say I'm not a shamed no not a shamed one day I prayed Jes us take my sin a way and that's when I was born a gain born a gain there's real ly been a change in me born a gain just like Je sus said born a gain and all be cause of cal va ry I'm glad so glad that I've been born a gain
Leslie Bricusse, Anthony Newley - Gonna Build A Mountain.xml
Gonna build a mountain from a little hill gonna build a mountain lease I hope I will gonna build a mountain gonna build it high I don't know how I'm gonna do it only know I'm gonna try gonna build a daydream from a little hope gonna push that day dream up the mountain slope gonna build a day dream gonna see it through Gonna build a mountain and a daydream gonna make em both come true.
Stevie Wonder - All in Love is Fair (Transcribed).xml
All is fair in love; love's a crazy game; two people vow to stay in love as one they say. But all is changed with time; the future none can see. The road you leave behind; ahead lies mystery. But all is far in love; I had to go away. A writer takes his pen to write the words again all in love is fair. All of fate's a chance; it's either good or bad. I tossed my coin to say in love with me you'd stay. But all in war's so cold; you either win or lose. When all is put away the losing side I'll play. But all is fair in love; I should have never left your side. A writer takes his pen to write the words again. All in love is fair. A writer takes his pen to write the words again. All in love is fair.
Jerry Gray, Carl Sigman - Pennsylvania 6500.xml
Numbers I've got by the dozen ev'ryone's uncle and cousin. But I can't live without buzzin' Pennsylvania six, five thousand. I've got a sweety I know there, Someone who sets me aglow there." Gives me the sweetest "hello there. Pennsylvania six, five thoussand. We don't say "how are you" and very seldom ask "what's new?" Instead we start and end each call with "baby confidentially I love you." Maybe it sounds a bit funny When I'm away from my honey, Here's what I do with my money. Pennsylvania six, five thousand.
Jimmy Kennedy & Michael Carr - Hometown.xml
I can see a bunch of small town hicks, sittin' round the local store awhittlin' sticks in my home town. Why did I ever roam town, I must be crazy. Though the city girls are not so slow Take me to the cornfed girls I used to know I'm pining night and day for that old time new mown hay. Hometown, want to wander down your back streets, see your tumble down old shack streets, I'd love to walk in on those corny country cousins of mine Hometown, where the doves are softly cooin, where there's always nothin' doin', I'd get a welcome from those corny counttry cousins of mine. There's an old school house door we used to tumble thro' at four, and a small candy store, where I could go a dozen lollipops and come for more. Hometown, where the garden trees are shady, where our Eadie was a lady, I'm goin' back to see those corny country cousins of mine.
Chris DeBurgh - The Lady In Red.xml
I've never seen you looking so lovely as you did to night I've never seen you shine so bright Mm mm mm I've never seen so many men ask you if you wanted to dance They're looking for a little romance given half a chance I have never seen that dress you're wearing or the highlights in your hair that catch your eyes. I have been blind The lady in red is dancing with me cheek to cheek there's nobody here its just you and me Its where I wanna be but I hardly know this beauty by my side I'll never forget the way you look to night I've never seen you looking so gorgeous as you did tonight I've never seen you shine so bright You wer amazing I've mever seen so many people want to be there by your side And when you turned to me and smiled took my breath away I have never had such a feeling such a feeling of complete and utter love I do tonight
Irving Berlin - Play A Simple Melody.xml
Wont you play a simple melody like my mother sang to me one with good old fashioned harmony play a simple mel o dy musical de mon set your honey a dream in wont you play me some rag just change that classical nag to some sweet beautiful drag if you will play from a cop y of a tune that is chop py you'll get all my applause and that is simply because I want to listen to rag.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - You'll Never Get To Heaven.xml
....Mother told me always to follow the golden rule, And she said it's really a sin to be mean and cruel. So remember if you're untrue angels up in heaven are looking at you. You'll never get to heaven if you break my heart So be very careful not to make us part. You won't get to heaven if you break my heart, Oh no. ....I've been hearing rumours about how you play aroun', Though I don't believe what I hear, still it gets me down. If you ever should say goodbye it would be so awful the angels would cry. You'll no
Traditional; - He's Got The Whole World In His Hands.xml
He's got the whole world in His hands, He's got the whole world in His hands, He's got the whole world in His hands, He's got the whole world in His hands. He's got the wind and the rain in His hands He's got the wind and the rain in His hands, He's got the wind and the rain in His hands, He's got the whole world in His hands. He's got the sinner man in His hands He's got the sinner man in His hands, He's got the sinnerman in His hands, He's got the whole world in His hands. He's got you and me in His hands, He's got you and me in His hands, He's got you and me in His hands,He's got the whole world in His hands.
Smokey Rogers - Gone.xml
Since you've gone the moon, the sun, the stars in the sky, know the reason why I cry, love devine once was mine, now you've gone. Since you've gone my heart, my lips, my teardimmed eyes, a lonely soul within me cries. I acted smart, broke your heart, now you've gone. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! what I'd give for the lifetime I've wasted, the love that I've tasted, II was wrong, now you've gone. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! What I'd give for the lifetime I've wasted, the love that I've tasted, II was wrong, now you've gone. Now you've gone.
Jack Keller and Howard Greenfield - Venus In Blue Jeans (Transcribed).xml
She's  Venus  in  blue  jeans, Mona  Lisa  with  a  pony tail. She's  a walkin'  talkin'  work of  art; she's  the  girl  who  stole  my  heart. My  Venus  in  blue  jeans is  the  Cinderella  I  adore. She's  my  very  special  angel  too, a  fairy  tale  come  true. They  say  there's  seven  wonders  in  the  world but  what they  say is out of  date. There's  more  than  seven  wonders  in  the  world I  just  met  number  eight. My  Venus  in  blue  jeans is  ev'rything  I  hoped  she'd  be, a teenage godess  from  above and  she  belongs  to  me. She's  Venus  in  blue  jeans, Mo na  Lisa  with  a  pony tail. She's  a walkin'  talkin'  work  of  art. She's  the  girl  who  stole  my  heart. My  Venus  in  blue  jeans is  the  Cinderella  I  adore. She's  my  very  special  angel  too, a  fairy  tale  come  true. They  say  there's  seven  wonders  in  the  world but  what they say is out of date. There's  more  than  seven  wonders  in  the  world; I  just  met  number  eight. My  Venus  in  blue  jeans is  ev'rything  I  hoped  she'd  be. A teenage goddess  from above and  she belongs  to  me.
Linda Thompson, Richard Marx - To Where You Are.xml
Who can say for certain? Maybe you're still here. I feel you all around me, your memoy's so clear. Deep in the stillness, I can hear you speak. Your're still an inspiration. Can it be that you are my forever love, and you are watching over me from up above? Fly me up to where you are beyond the distant star I wish upon tonigjht to see you smile, if only for a while to know you're there. A breath away's not far to where you are.  2. Are you gently sleeping here inside my dream? And isn't faith believing all power can't be seen? As my heart holds you just one beat away I chersish all you gave me ev'ry day. 'Cause you are my forever love watching me from up above. And I believe that angels breathe and that love will live on and never leave. are. I know you're there. A breath away's not far to where you are
M. Phillippe-Gerard, Johnny Mercer - When the World Was Young.xml
It is n't by chance I happen to be a boulevardier, the toast of Paris. For over the noise, the talk and the smoke, I'm good for a laugh, a drink or a joke. I walk in a room, a party or ball, "Come sit over here" somebody will call. "A drink for M'sieur! A drink for us all." But how many times I stop and recall. Ah, the apple trees, blossoms in the breeze that we walked among. Lying in the hay, games we used to play while the rounds were sung. Only yesterday, when the world was young. Where Where ever I go they mention my name. And that, in itself, is some sort of fame. "Come by for a drink, we're having a game." Whereever I go I'm glad that I came. The talk is quite gay, the company fine. There's laughter and lights and glamour and wine. And beautiful girls and some of them mine. But often my eyes see a diff'rent shine. Ah, the apple trees, sunlit memories where the hammock swung. On our backs we'd lie looking at the sky till the stars were strung. Only last July when the world was young. While
David Rose, Sammy Gallop - Holiday For Strings.xml
When I see you smile at me, I hear a haunting melody and I surrender to the tender thrill it brings a HOLIDAY FOR STRINGS, sweet music all around me. Softly as the song begins, I hear a host of violins, or can it only be my lonely heart that sings a HOLIDAY FOR STRINGS, because your love has found me. Through the night, A love song fills the air, I hear it ev'rywhere so sweetly telling me I"m yours completely; Breezes sigh, a new born rhapsody When you are close to me, there's music, Never heard such lovely music. When you're gone it fades away, but when we meet I hear it play. As from above, a song of love comes sweet and clear. Whenever you are near, the angels play a HOLIDAY FOR STRINGS.
Marshall Sherman, Von Gray - Lady Love.xml
Lady love your love is peaceful like a summers breeze My lady love with love thats tender as a baby's touch you give me all of the things that U need so much you're my world lady love lady love your love is cooling like the winter snow my lady love with a love that's cozy as a fires glow and I keep on needing you girl a little more and more and I thank you my lady love you know its not easy to deep love flowing smooth people are people and they all have their moods but its so nice just to have someone like you who wants a smooth and easy thing and all the good times that it brings my lady love you've been with me through all of my ups and down My
Phil Myers - Grateful.xml
When I wake up in the night and I see the morning light I'm grateful for an other daay. When the sun shines through the trees and the birds sail on the breeze It makes me want to stop and pray. Grateful for the liight, grateful for your love, grateful for another daay, Grateful for the liight, grateful for your love, grateful for another day. When I see your caring face you take me to a place where all my worries melt awaay. When I feel your loving hand I know you understand I'm grateful for another day. There is music in your eye as you lift me to the sky I'm grateful for another daay. When you kiss me and you sigh You give me wings to fly. I'm grateful for another day. When we walk hand in hand, leaving footprints in the sand, I'm grateful for another daay. When we will sing our song We will be where we belong. I'm grateful for another day.
Jerry Bock, Sheldon Harnick - When Did I Fall In Love.xml
When did I fall in love? what night? which day? when did I first begin to feel this way? how could the moment pass unfelt ignored where was the blinding flash? where was the crashing chord? when did I fall in love? I cant recall not that it matters at all It doesnt matter when or why or how as long as I love him now when did respect first become atfection? when did affection suddenly soar? what a strange and beautiful touch that I love him so much when I didnt before I'm where I want to be his love his wife until the end of my life
Billy Joel - Uptown Girl.xml
Oh Oh Uptown girl She's been living in her uptown world I'll bet she never had a backstreet guy I'll bet her mama never told her why I'm gonna try for an uptown girl  She's been living in her white bread world As long as anyone with hot blood can And now she's looking for a downtown man That's what I am And when she knows what she wants from her tiime And when she wakes up and makes up her miind She'll see I'm not so tough Just because I'm in love with an uptown girl You know I've seen her in her uptown world She's getting tired of her high class toys And all her presents from her uptown boys She's got a choice Oh Oh Uptown girl You know I can't afford to buy her pearls But maybe someday when my ship comes in She'll understand what kind of guy I've been And then I'll win And when she's walking she's looking so fiine And when she's talking she'll say that she's miine She'll say I'm not so tough Just because I'm in love with an uptown girl She's been living in her white bread world As long as anyone with hot blood can And now she's looking for a downtown man That's what I am Up town girl she's my uptown girl you know I'm in love with an
Irving Berlin - White Christmas.xml
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas, just like the ones I used to know. Where the treetops glisten and children listen to hear sleigh bells in the snow. I'm dreaming of a white Christmas, with ev'ry Christmas card I write: "May your days be merry and bright and may all your Christmases be white." white."
Jule Styne, Leo Robin - Bye Bye Baby.xml
I'll be in my room alone ev'ry post meridian. And I'll be with my diary and that book by Mister Gideon. Bye bye, baby, remember you're my baby when they give you the eye, and just to show that I care I will write and declare that I'm on the loose, but I'm still on the square. I'll be gloomy, but send that rainbow to me, then my shadows will fly, though you'll be gone for awhile, I know that I'll be smiling with my baby, by and by.
Traditional - It Came Upon a Midnight Clear.xml
It came upon the midnight clear that glorious song of old From angels bend ing near the earth to touch their harps of gold "Peace on the earth goodwill to men From heav'ns allgracious King" The world in solemn stillness lay to hear the angels sing (2).Still through the cloven skies they come with peacful wing unfurl'd And still their heav'nly music floats O'er all the weary world Above its sad and lowly plains, They bend on hov 'ring wing And ever o'er its Babel sounds the blessed angels sing (3).For
Michel Legrand, Norman Gimbel - Watch What Happens.xml
Cold. No, I can't believe your heart is cold. Maybe slow to warm from a long lonely night. Let someone start believing in you, Let him hold out his hand, Let him touch you and watch what happens. One someone who can look in your eyes, And see into your heart, Let him find you and watch what happens. Cold No I won't believe your heart is cold. maybe just afraid to be broken again. Let someone with a deep love to give, Give that deep love to you, And what magic you'll see. Let someone give his heart, Someone who cares like me.
Ernest Tubb - Walking The Floor Over You.xml
You left me and you went away You said that you'd be back in just a day You've broken your promise and you left me here alone I dont know why you did dear but I do know that you're gone I'm walking the floor over you I can't sleep a wink that is true I'm hoping and I'm praying as my heart breaks right in two Walking the floor o ver you
Roy Bennett, Sid Tepper - Suzy Snowflake.xml
Here comes Suzy Snowflake dressed in a snow white gown, tap, tap, tapin' at your window pane to tell you she's in town. Here comes Suzy Snowflake soon you will hear her say, "Come out ev'ryone and play with me, I haven't long to stay. If you wanna make a snowman, I'll help you make one, one, two, three. If you wanna take a sleigh ride, the rides on me. Here comes Susy Snowflake, look at her tumblin' down, bringin' joy to ev'ry girl and boy Suzy's back in town. Suzy's back in town.
Frank Reardon - Same old Saturday night.xml
Went to see a movie show found myself an empty row thought the show was just alright same old Saturday night Then I made the usual stop coffee at the coffee shop friendly face nowhere in sight same old Saturday night I really thought the papers I bought would help me forget you for a while believe me honey the funnies werent funny they didnt even make me smile How i wish you'd lift the phone fun is fun but not alone till you let me hold you tight same old Saturday night.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - From Me To You.xml
If there's anything that you want If there's anything I can do Just call on me and I'll send it a long with love from me to you. I've got you I've got arms that long to hold you and keep you by my side I've got lips that long to kiss you and keep you satisfied If there's anything that you want if theres anything I can do just call on me and I'll send it along with love from me to you.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Bali Ha'i.xml
Most people live on a lonely island Lost in the middle of a foggy sea most people long for another island one where they know they would like to be Bali Ha'i may call you any night any day in your heart, you'll hear it call you come away come away Bali Ha'i will whisper on the wind of the sea here am I your special island come to me come to me your own special hopes your own special dreams bloom on the hillside and shine in the streams If you try, you'll find me where the sky meet the sea here am I your specail island! come to me come to me! Bali Ha'i Bali Ha'i Bali Ha'i some day you'll see me floating in the sunshine my head sticking out from a low flying cloud you'll hear me call you singing through the sunshine sweet and clear as can be come to me here I am come to me! Bali Ha'i!
Les Kettley - If only.xml
If only we had met when first I saw you, our lives may not have been so far apart, I still hope that sometime I will meet you, and perhaps a friendship will start. If I could turn the clock back to the time when, I saw your face and fell in love with you, in time I thought my love would fade but it's stronger now and made, for noone on this earth but lovely you. If only if only if only we'd met, all those years ago, if only we'd met, where would we be now, if only we'd met.
Barry Gibb and Robin Gibb - To Love Somebody.xml
There's a light, a certain kind of light that never shone on me. I want my life to be lived with you, lived with you. There's a way ev'rybody says to do each and ev'ry little thing. But what does it mean if I ain't got you, ain't got you. Baby you don't know what it's like. Baby you don't know what it's like to love somebody, to love somebody, the way I love you. In my brain I'll see your face again. I know my frame of mind. You ain't got to be so blind, and I'm blind, so, so blind. I'm a man. Can't you see what I am? I live and I breath for you. But what good does it do if I ain't got you, ain't got you? Baby You don't know what it's like, baby you don't know what it's like to love somebody, to love somebody the way I love you. No No You don't know what it's like. Baby you don't know what it's like to love somebody, to love somebody the way I love you. No No No No You don't know what it's like. Baby you don't know what it's like to love somebody, to love somebody the way I love you.
Burton Lane, Ralph Freed - How About You?.xml
I like New York in June, How About You? I like a Gershwin tune, How About You? I love a fireside when a storm is due, I like potato chips, moonlight and motor trips How About You? I'm mad about good books, can't get my fill, And Franklin Roosevelt's looks, give me a thrill. Holding hands in a movie show, when all the lights are low may not be new, But I like it, How About You? You?
Egbert Van Alstyne, Harry Williams - In The Shade Of The Old Apple Tree.xml
In the shade of the old apple tree where the love in your eyes I could see when the voice that I heard, like the song of the bird seemed to whisper sweet music to me I could hear the dull buzz of the bee In the blossoms as you said to me with a heart that is true I'll be waiting for you in the shade of the old apple tree
Bob Thiele, George David Weiss - What A Wonderful World.xml
I see trees of green, red roses too, I see them bloom for me and you, and I think to myself What A Wonderful World. I see skies of blue and clouds of white, the bright blessedday, the dark sacred night, and I think to myself What A Wonderful World. The colors of the rainbow, so pretty in the sky are also on the faces of people goin' by, I see friends shakin' hands, sayin', "How do you do!" They're really sayin' "I Iove you," I hear babies cry I them grow. learn much more than I'll ever know, and I think to myself What A Won derful World. Yes, I think to my self What A Won der ful World.
Sigmund Romberg, Oscar Hammerstein II - One Kiss.xml
One kiss, one man to save it for One love for him alone. One word, one vow and nothing more To tell him I'm his own. One magic night within his arms, With passion flow'r unfurled. But I will try to love only one man And no other man in the world.
Al Hoffman, Bob Merrill, Clem Watts - If I Knew You Were Comin' I'd 've Baked A Cake.xml
Well well well look who's here I have n't seen you in many a year. If I knew you were coming I'd 've baked a cake, baked a cake, baked a cake. If I knew you were coming I'd 've baked a cake. Howja do. Howja do. Howja do. Had you dropped me a letter I'd 've hired a band grandest band in the land had you dropped me a letter I'd 've hired a band and spread a welcome mat for you. Now I don't know where you came from 'cause I don't know where you've been. But it really doesn't matter grab a chair and fill your platter and dig dig dig right in If I knew you were coming I'd 've baked a cake. Hired a band Goodness sake If I knew you were coming I'd 've baked a cake. Howja do. Howja do. Howja do. If I hired a hall great big hall band and all had you dropped me a letter I'd 've hired a hall and spread a welcome mat for you. If I knew you were coming I'd 've kept the pot coffee pot nice and hot do.
Mascheroni, English words by Bob Musel, Italian words by Rastelli & Panzeri - Poppa Piccolino (Papaveri e Papere).xml
Oh listen to the music I hear Old Poppa Picolino is near To win a smile or maybe a tear Before travelling on A vagabond who wander along A millionaire but only in song As though the world might really belong to him This fellow plays a melody so mellow That ev'ry one keeps shouting "Bello Bello" All over Italy they know his concertina Poppa Piccolino Poppa Piccolino He plays so prettily to ev'ry signorina Poppa Piccolino from sunny Italy
Harry Barris, Billy Moll, Ted Koehler - Wrap Your Troubles In Dreams.xml
When skies are cloudy and gray, they're only gray for a day, so wrap your troubles in dreams, and dream your troubles away. Until that sunshine peeps through, there's only one thing to do, just wrap your troubles in dreams, and dream your troublesa way. Your castles may tumble, that's fate after all, life's really funny that way. No use to grumble, just smile as they fall. Weren't you king for a day? Say! Just remember that sunshine always follows the rain. So wrap your troubles in dreams, and dream your troubles away. When way.
Pauline Michael Mills 1963 - Thou Art Worthy.xml
Thou art wor thy Thou art wor thy Thou art wor thy o Lord to re ceive glo y glo ry and hon or glo ry and hon or and power for Thou has cre a ted hast all things cre a ted Thou hast cre at ed all things and for Thy plea sure they are cre a ted for Thou art wor thy Oh Lord Lord
Nat Simon, Buddy Bernier - Poinciana (With Lyrics).xml
Blow tropic wind, sing a song, thru the trees Trees sigh to me, soon my love I will see. Poin ciana, your branches speak to me of love. Pale moon is casting shadows from above. Poinciana, somehow I feel the jungle heat. Within me there grows a rhythmic savage beat. Love is ev'ry where, it's magic perfume fills the air. To and fro you sway, my heart's in time, I've learned to care. Poinciana, though skies may turn from blue to gray, My love will live forever and a day.
Carl Sigman, Bob Russell - Ballerina.xml
Dance Ballerina dance And do your pirouette in rhythm with your aching heart. Dance Ballerina dance You must'n't once forget a dancer has to dance the part. Whirl Ballerina whirl And just ignore the chair that's empty in the second row. This is your moment girl Altho' he's not out there appaluding as you steal the show. Once you said his love must wait it's turn. You wanted fame instead I guess that's your concern, we live and learn And love is gone, Ballerina gone. So on with your career, you can't afford a backward glance. Dance on and on and on. A thousand people here have come to see the show as 'round and 'round you go, So Balerina dance, dance, dance.
B.G.De Sylva - Wishing.xml
Wishing will make it so just keep on wishing and care will go dreamers tell us dreams come true it's no mistake wishing are the dreams we dream when were awake the cur tain of night will pass it you are certain within your heart so if you wish long enough wish strong enough you will come to know wishing will make it so.  so.
Ivory Joe Hunter - Empty Arms.xml
Empty arms that long for you, And they wait dear, just for you. And these arms will stay this way, till you return to them some day. Each lonely night I go to bed, I'll hug the pillow where you used to rest your head. Empty arms but not for long, "Cause my babe is comin' home. And when he walks thru that door, these empty arms, I'll have no more. These empty arms, I'll have no more
Irving Berlin - Easter Parade.xml.1
In your Easter bonnet, with all the frills upon it you'll be the grandest lady in the Easter Parade. I'd be all in clover and when they look you over I'll be the proudest fellow in the Easter Parade. On the Avenue Fifth Avenue the photographers will snap us. And you'll find that you're in the rotogravure. Oh, I could write a sonnet about your Easter bonnet and of the girl I'm taking to the Easter Parade rade.
Charles Naylor, Hal Hackaday - Shake Me, I Rattle (Squeeze Me, I Cry).xml
I was passing by a toy shop on the corner of the Square, where a little girl was looking in the window there she was looking at a dolly in a dress of rosy red and a round the pretty dolly hung a little sign that said Shake me I rattle squeeze me I cry as I stood there beside her I could hear her sigh shake me I rattle squeeze me I cry please take me home and love me I recalled another toy shop on a square so long ago where I saw a little dolly that I wanted so I remembered I remembered how I longed to make it mine and a round that other dolly hung aother little sign It was late and snow was falling as the shoppers hurried by past the girlie at the window with her little head held high they were closing up the toy shop as I hurried thru the door just ain time to buy the dolly that her heart was longing for
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - Between The Devil And The Deep Blue Sea.xml
I don't want you, but I'd hate to lose you, you've got me between the devil and the deep blue sea. I forgive you 'cause I can't forget you, you've got me between the devil and the deep blue sea. I ought to cross you off my list, but when you bcome knockin' at my door, fate seems to give my heart a twist, and I come running back for more. I should hate you, but I guess I love you, you've got me in between the devil and the deep blue sea.
Frank Panella - The Old Grey Mare.xml
The old grey mare she aint what she used to be aint what she used to be aint what she used to be the old grey mare she aint what she used to be many long years ago many long years agomany long years ago the old grey mare she aint what she used to be aint what she used to be aint what she used to be the old grey mare she aint what she used to be many long years ago.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - You Are Too Beautiful.xml
You are too beautiful, my dear, to be true, and I am a fool for beauty. fooled by a feeling that because I had found you, I could have bound you, too. You are too beautiful for one man alone, for one lucky fool to be with. When there are other men with eyes of their own to see with. Love does not stand sharing, not if one cares. Have you been comparing my ev'ry kiss with theirs? If on the other hand, I'm faithful to you, it's not through a sense of duty; you are too beautiful and I am a fool for beauty. ty.
Jerome Kern, B.G. DeSylva - Look For The Silver Lining.xml
Look for the silver lining whene'er a cloud appears in the blue rememberr somewhere the sun is shining and so the right thing to do is make it shine for you a hear full of joy and gladness will always banish sadness and strife so always look for the silver lining and try to find the sunny side of life.
Arnthor Birgisson, Ina Wroldsen, Shontelle - Impossible.xml
I remember years ago Someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love I did, I did, and you were strong and I was not My illusion, my mistake I was careless, I forgot I did. And now when all is done there's nothing to say. You have gone and so effortlessly. You have won you can go ahead tell them. Tell them all I know now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the skyline All we had is gone now. Tell them I was happy and my heart is broken, All my scars are open, Tell them what I hoped would be, impossi ble, impossible, impossible, impossible. Falling out of love is hard. Falling for betrayal is worst. Broken trust and broken hearts I know, I know. Thinking all you need is there Building faith on love and words. Empty promises will wear I know, and now when all is gone there's nothing to say. And if you're done with embarrasing me On your own you can go ahead tell them impossible, impossible impossible impossi ble. I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love, I did Tell them all I knoe now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the skyline All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible,Impossible, Impossible, Impossible Impossible, Impossible, Impossi ble,Impossible. I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love, I did.
Peggy Lee, Sonny Burke - He's a Tramp.xml
He's a tramp, but they love him breaks a new heart ev'ry day he's a tramp they adore him and I only hope he'll stay that way he's a tramp he's a scoundrel, he's a rounder, he's a cad, He's a tramp but I love him and even I have got it pretty bad You can never tell when he'll show up he gives you plenty of trouble I guess he's just a no 'count pup. But I wish that he were double He's a tramp he's a rover and there's noth ing more to say If he's a tramp he's a good one And I wish that I could travel his way
unknown - Mary Rose.xml
Theres a glow about you I'd be lost without you Mary Rose Bet the moon a penny youre as sweet as any rose that grows I love you soo and we'll never part Heaven made youthe rose of my heart When I see you smiling you look so beguiling MaryRose When the lights are shining thats when I'll be pining Mary Rose soon down the aisle in white wedding clothes you'll look oh so pretty when they throw confetti Mary Rose.
Irving Berlin - I Left My Heart At The Stage Door Canteen.xml
Old mister absent minded that's me. Just as forgetful as I can be. I've got the strangest sort of a mind. I'm always leaving something behind. I left my heart at the stage door canteen I left it there with a girl named Eileen I kept her serving doughnuts 'till all she had were gone. I sat there dunking doughnuts 'till she caught on. I must go back to the army routine. and ev'ry doughboy knows what that will mean. A soldier boy without a heart has two strikes on him from the start and my heart's at the stage door canteen. I left my teen
Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh - Real Live Girl.xml
Pardon me, miss, but I've never done this with a Real Live Girl. Strayed off the farm with an actual armful of Real Live Girl. Pardon me if your affectionate squeeze fogs up my goggles and buckles my knees, I'm simply drowned in the sight and the sound and the scent and the feel of a Real Live Girl. I've seen
William J. Kirkpatrick 1892 - Lord, I'm Coming Home.xml
I've wan dered far a wa y from God now I'm come ing home the paths of sin to long I've trod now I'm com ing home com ing home come ing home nev er more to roam op en now Thine arms of love Lord, I'm com ing home I've was ted man y pre cious years now I'm com ing home I now re pent with bit ter tears Now I'm com ing home com ing home come ing home nev er more to roam op en now Thine arms of love Lord, I'm com ing home I'm tired of sin and stray ing Lord now I'm com ing home I'll trust Thy love be lieve thy word Lord I'm com ing home com ing home come ing home nev er more to roam op en now Thine arms of love Lord, I'm com ing home My soul is sick my heart is sore now I'm com ing home my strength re new my hope re store Lord, I'm com ing home com ing home come ing home nev er more to roam op en now Thine arms of love Lord, I'm com ing home
Bonnie Lake & Eddie DeLange, Jack Jenny - The Man With The Horn.xml
You'll always find me near the man with the horn. Find me there from dusk until dawn. That's the place where mu sic is born divine. Just listen while he takes his solo apart. Watch him close his eyes from the start. Hear that music pour from his heart. so
African-American Spiritual - Joshua Fit The Battle Of Jericho.xml
Joshua fit the battle of Jericho, Jericho, Jericho, Lord, Joshua fit the battle of Jericho, And the walls came tumblin' down.  You may talk about your king of Gideon, you may talk about your men of Saul, But there's none like good old Joshua, At the battle of Jericho.   to the walls of Jericho He marched with spear in hand, "Go blow dem ram horns," Joshua, cried 'Cause de battle is in my hands. Joshua fit the battle of Jericho, Jericho, Jericho, Lord, Joshua fit the battle of Jericho, And the walls came tumblin' down.  Up    down.
Traditional - Careless Love.xml
Love, oh love, oh careless love love, oh love oh careless love love, oh love, oh careless love, oh see what love has done to me. I cried last night and the night before tonight I'll cry then cry no more Love, oh love, oh careless love see what love has done to me.
Sonny Burke, Paul Francis Webster - The Merry Christmas Polka.xml
Come on and dance the Merry Christmas polka. Let ev'ry one be happy and gay. Oh. it's the time to be jolly and deck the halls with holly, so let's have a jolly holiday! Come on and dance the Merry Christmas polka. Another joyous season has begun. Roll out the yuletide barrels and sing out the carols, a Merry Christmas ev'ry one! dance the Merry Christmas polka. Let ev'ry lady step with her beau around the tree to the ceiling, with lots of time for stealing those kisses beneath the mistletoe! Come on and dance the Merry Christmas polka, with ev'ry body joining in the fun. Roll out the barrels that cheer you and shout 'til they hear you, a Merry Christmas ev'ry
Adele, Epworth - SKYFALL.xml
This is the end hold your breath and count to ten feel the earth move and then hear my heart burst a gain for this is the end I've drowned and dreamt this mom ent, so ov er due I owe them swept aw ay I'm stol en Let The SKY FALL when it crum bles, we will stand tall face it all to geth er, let the SKY FALL when it crum bles, we will stand tall face it all to geth er at SKY FALL at SKY FALL  SKY FALL IS WHERE WE START A thou sand miles and poles ap art where worlds col lide and days are dark you may have my num ber you can take my name but you'll nev er have my heart Let the BRIDGE: Where you go I go, what you see I see, I know I'd nev er be me with out se cur it y of your lov ing arms keep ing me from harm, put your hand in my hand and we'll stand CHORUS: Let the
Ewan MacColl - The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face.xml
The first time ever I saw your face I thought the sun rose in your eyes and the moon and the stars were the gifts you gave to the dark and the end of the skies. The first time ever I kissed your mouth I felt the earth move in my hand, like the trembling heart of a captive bird that was there at my command the first time ever I lay with you and felt your heart so close to mine and I knew our joy would fill the earth and last till the end of time my love the first time ever I saw your face, your face, your face, your face, your face.
Gordon Lightfoot - If You Could Read My Mind.xml
If you could read my mind love what a take my thoughts could tell Just like an old time movie bought a ghost from a wishing well In a castle dark or a fortress strong with chains upon my feet you know that ghost is me and I will never be set free as long as I'm a ghost that you cant see If I could read your mind love what a tale you thoughts could tell just like a paperback novel the kind the drug stores sell then you reached to part where the heartaches come the hero would be me But heroes often fail and you wont read that book again because the endings just too hard to take. I'd walk away like a movie star who gets burned in a three way script enter number two A movie queen to play the scene of bringing all the good things out of me
Thomas E. Jones III, George Jackson - Old Time Rock And Roll.xml
Just take those old records off the shelf. I''ll sit andlis ten to them by myself.. Todays mu sic ain't got the same soul. I like that old time rock 'n' roll. Don't try to take me to a disco You'll never even get me out on the floor. In ten minutes I'll be late for the door. I like that old time rock 'n' roll. Still like that old time rock 'n' roll. That kind of music just soothes my soul. I reminisce about the days of old with that old time rock 'n' roll. won't go to hear 'em play a tango. I'd rather hear some blues or funky old soul. There's only one sure way to get me to go; start playing old time rock 'n' roll. Call me a relic. Call me what you will. Say I'm old fashioned. Say I'm over the hill. Today's music ain't got the same soul. I like that old time rock 'n' roll. Still like that old time rock 'n' roll. That kind of music just soothes my soul. I reminisce about the days of old with that oldtime rock 'n' roll. Still like that oldtime rock 'n' soul.
Stephen Foster - Hard Times Come Again No More.xml
Let us pause in life's pleasures and count her ma ny tears while we all sup sor orw with the poor theres a song that will linger forever in our ears; Oh Hard Times Come Again no more 'Tis the song the sigh of the weary Hard Times, Hard Times, come again no more manyny days you havelingered around my cabin door Oh! Hard Times, come again no more.
Leon Carr, Hal David - Bell Bottom Blues.xml
I've got the Bell Bottom Blues 'cause my sweetie is a sailor and he's sailing somewhere on the sea. I got the Bell Bottom Blues 'cause I'm crazy 'bout a sailor and I don't know when he's comin' back to me. I shake my head and refuse when the 'fellers come acallin' and they want to take me on a date, I got The Bell Bottom Blues while the other girls are fallin' I just sit around the livin' room and wait. I wonder if he's lookin' at the same moon I'm lookin' at ev'ry night I'm lookin at the moon I know that if he's prayin' for the same thing I'm prayin' for we'll be together soon. I got the Bell Bottom Blues just awaitin for a letter heaven knows I'm lonely as can be. I got the Bell bottom Blues and I won't be feelin' better 'till my sailor comes asailin' homev to me.
John Lennon - Imagine.xml.2
Imagine there's no heaven It's easy if you try. No hell below us Above us only sky Imagine all the people Living for today Aha Imagine there's no countries I isn't hard to do Nothing to kill or die for And no religion too Imagine all the people Living life in peace yuhuh You may say I'm a dreamer But I'm not the only one I hope someday you'll join us And the world will be one. Im agine no posses ion's I wonder if you can. No need for greed or hun ger A brotherhood of man Imagine all the people Sharing all the worldd yuhuh Live as one.
Dick Manning based on Dance Of The Hours, A. Ponchielli , Dick Manning - (She'll never love you) Like I Do.xml
She may kiss you like I do She may hold you like I do But she'll nev er never nev er She will never never love you like I do She may whis per you're her on ly That with out you she is lone ly But she'll nev er never nev er She will never never loveyou like I do She may sigh you may fall Then she'll never be at home when you call Can't you tell by her smile She just wants your heart to play with for awhile Take it slow take it slow Don't you know don't you know She may kiss you like I do She may hold you like I do But she'll nev er never nev er she will never never love you like I do
V. Di Chiara, Claude Aveling - La Spagnola.xml
She came from Spain, La Spagnola Spain was the land of her birth. She was known as a cajoler Full of romance and of mirth Men are entranced by her wondrous charms. For ev'ry heart she'll delight They yearn to hold her withintheir arms, So all their cares will take flight. Ah! La Spagnqla, Livliest flow'r of Spain When the music begins to play, then you dance all our cares away. La Spagnola Lovliest flow'r of Spain Dance add sing all the night and day, Spanish flow'r dance our cares a way.
Chilliwack - Arms of Mary.xml
The lights shine down the valley the wind blows up the alley oh and how I wish I was lying in the arms of Maryshe took the pains of boyhood and turned them into feel good oh and how I wish I was lying in the arms of Mary Mary was the girl who taught me all I had to know she put me right on my first mistake Summer wasn't gone when I'd learned all she had to show she really gave all a boy could take So now when I get lonely still looking for my one and only oh how I wish I was lying in the arms of Mary Lying in the arms of Mary lying in the arms of Mary Yeah, yeah yeah yeah
Matt Dudley, Luiz Bonfa - Gentle Rain.xml
We both are lost and alone in the world walk with me in the gentle rain don't be afraid I've a hand for your hand and I will be your love for awhile I fell your tears as they fall on my cheek they are warm like a gentle rain Come little one you have me in the world and our love will be sad will be like a gentle rain like a gentle rain like a gentle rain
Harry Warren, Ira Gershwin - My One And Only Highland Fling.xml
Though we're called a people of serious mind, 'Tis often we dance and 'tis often we sing; And bein' as hu'man as all human kind We aren't superior to havin' a fling. I'm takin' the fling of a life time The fling of a husband and wifetime. Josh:~When I went romancin' I gave no thought to any weddin' ring; Ev'ry bonny lassie was my highland fling. No chance was I chancin'; I'm not the man you dangle on a string. I was canny waitin' for the real, real thing. Though I danced each girl in the twist and twirl not one would do. An' I went my way 'till the fatal day in the fling I was flung with you. Oh! now my heart is prancin' Gay as a Lord and happy as a king. The years I'll weather in the home or on the heather with my One and Only Highland Fling.
Jimmy van Heusen, Eddie DeLange - Deep In A Dream.xml
I dim all the lights and I sink in my chair, The smoke from my cigarette climbs through the air The walls of my room fade away in the blue and I'm deep in a dream of you. the smoke makes a stairway for you to descend, you come to my arms, may this bliss never end, For we love anew just as we used to do, When I'm deep in a dream of you. Then from the ceiling sweet music comes stealing, we glide through a lovers refrain; You're so appealing that I'm soon revealing my love for you over again. My cigarette burns me, I wake with a start, my hand isn't hurt but there's pain in my heart. Awake or asleep ev'ry mem'ry I'll keep deep in a dream of you. I deep in a dream of you.
Antonio Carlos Jobim, Gene Lees - Someone to Light up My Life.xml
Go on your way with a cloudless blue sky above. May all your days be a wonderful song of love. Open your arms and sing of all the hidden hopes you've ever treasured and live out your life in peace. Where shall I look for the love to replace you? Someone to light up my life? Someone with strange little ways, eyes like a blue autumn haze. Someone with your laughing style. and a smile that I know will keep haunting me endlessly Sometimes in stars or the swift flight of sea birds I catch a moment of you. That's why I walk all alone seaching for something unknown Searching for something or someone to light up my life.
Russ Morgan & Jack Stuart - So Tired.xml
I'm So Tired of waiting for you, so tired of longing for you, tired of waiting saving my love for you. So Tired of dreaming day dreams. so tired of only play schemes. Why don't you call me call me tonight, my Dear. Tell me that your thoughts are all of me sweetheart, all day long I wonder why we're far apart. So Tired of dreaming of you. So tired of waiting for you, but tho' I'm tired I'll wait forever Dear
Billy Strayhorn - Take The 'A' Train.xml
You must take the "A" Train To go to Sugar Hill way up in Harlem. If you miss the "A" Train You'll find you've missed the quickest way to Harlem Hurry, get on board it's coming Listen to those rails athrumming On board, Get on the "A" Train, Soon you will be on Sugar Hill in Harlem
Paul Anka - It Doesn't Matter Anymore.xml
There you go and baby here am I well you left me here so I could sit and cry well golly gee what have you done to me Well I guess it doesnt matter any more Do you remember baby last September how you held me tight each and evry night well whoopsadaisy how you drove me crazy but I guess it doesnt matter an y more Theres no use in me acryin' Done evry thing and now I'm sick of tryin Roll away my nights and wasted all my days over you you go your way and I'll go mine well now and forever till the end of time I'll find somebody new and baby you say we're through and you wont matter anymore. more.
Dave Mann, Bob Hilliard - Somebody Bad Stole De Wedding Bell.xml
All day de people look at de steeple but they don't see de bell Somebody bad stole de wedding bell somebody bad stole de wedding bell somebody bad stole de wedding bell now nobody can get married Who's got de ding dong who's got de bell? who's got de ding dong who's got de bell? somebody know but nobody tell cause somebody bad stole de wedding bell We got sasparilla soda on the ice we got shoes and rice and free advice we got a bridal suite in honey moon hotel but what good is that without a wedding bell Nobodyy tell cause somebody bad stole de wedding bell.
P. Donaggio, Simon Napier-Bell, Vicki Wackham - You Don't Have To Say You Love Me.xml
When I said I needed you you said you would always stay it wasn't me who changed for you and now you've gone away. Don't you see than now you've gone and I'm left here on my own Now I have to follow you and beg you to come home. You don't have to say you love me just be close at hand. You don't have to stay forever I will understand. Be lieve me believe me. I can't help but love you but believe me I'll never tie you down. Left alone with just a memmory life seems dead and so unreal all that's left is loneliness. There's nothing left to feel. You don't have to say you love me just be close at hand. You don't have to stay forever I will understand. Believe me, believe me. You don't have to say you love me just be close at hand. You don't have to stay forever I will understand. Be lieve me, believe me, be lieve me.
Jack Tenney, Helen Stone - Mexicali Rose.xml
Mexicali Rose stop crying, I'll come back to you some sunny day. Ev'ry night you'll know that I'll be pining, Ev'ry hour a year while I'm away. Dry those big brown eyes and smile dear, Bannish all those tears and please don't sigh. Kiss me once again and hold me, Mexicali Rose goodbye. bye.
Dottie rAmbo 1985 - Tears Will Never Stain the Streets of That City.xml
If I could count the tears that have fall en It would seem like an o cean to me And if my heart were a win dow you could look through Oh the pain and scars you would see But tears will nev er stain the streets of that ci ty No reaths of death on my man sion door Tear drops aren't wel come be yond the gates of glo ry 'Cause the heart will nev er break an y more I've nev er met one man with out sor row nev er looked in to eyes with no pain But there's a land where grief is a stran ger And joy is the on ly song they sing and tears will nev er stain the streets of that ci ty No reaths of death on my man sion door Tear drops aren't wel come be yond the gates of glo ry 'Cause the heart will nev er break an y more I have ques tioned the death of a loved one the greave seems so fin al and cold But we'll meet again where death has no vic tory in a land where we'll never grow old and tears will nev er stain the streets of that ci ty No reaths of death on my man sion door Tear drops aren't wel come be yond the gates of glo ry 'Cause the heart will nev er break an y more
George Bruns, Floyd Huddleston - Love.xml
Love, it seems like only yesterday, you were just a child at play. Now you're all grown up inside of me. Oh, how fast those moments flee. Once we watched a lazy world go by. Now the days seem to fly. Life is brief, but when it's gone, Love goes on and on.
William Steffe (?), Julia Ward Howe - John Browns body.xml
John Browns body lies a mouldring in the grave John Browns body lies a mouldring in the grave John Browns body lies a mouldring in the grave but his soul goes marching on Glory glory halle lujah glory glory halle lujah glory glory halle lujah his soul goes marching on.
Sid Lippman, Sylvia Dee - Too Young.xml
They try to tell us we're too young too young to really be in love they say that love's a word a word we've only heard but can't begin to know the meaning of and yet we're not too young to know this love will last though years may go and then someday they may recall we were not too young at all. They all
Bronislau Kaper, Ned Washington - On Green Dolphin Street.xml
Lover, one lovely day. Love came, planning to stay. Green Dolphin Street supplied the setting, the setting for nights beyond forgetting. And through these moments apart, mem'ries live in my heart. When I recall the love I found on, I could kiss the ground On Green Dolphin Street. Street.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - There Goes That Song Again.xml
There goes that song again, We used to call it our serenade. We fell in love when we heard it played, over, and over, and over and over again. I still remember when, I sang those words and they made you mine. I'd steal a kiss and repeat each line, over and over, and over and over again. We drifted a part, You walked off with my heart. It's funny how one listen, Just start me reminiscin'. I'd soon forget that "yen" I told myself when you said, "So long, " but I was wrong, there goes that song again. (gain)
Jimmy McHugh - Sunny Side Of The Street.xml
Grab your coat and get your hat leave your worries by the door step just direct your feet to the sunny side of the street can't you hear the pitter pat? and that happy tune is your step life can be so sweet on the sunny side of the street I used to walk in the shade with those blues on parade but I'm not afraid this rover's crossed over if I never have a cent, I'll be rich as Rockefeller gold dust at my feet on the sunny side of the street
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - The Second Time Around.xml
Love is lovelier the second time around just as wonderful with both feet on the ground it's that second time you hear your love song sung makes you think perhaps that love like youth is wasted on the young. love's more comftable the second time you fall like a friendly home the second time you call who can say what led us to this miracle we found there are those who'll bet love comes but once and yet I'm oh so glad we met the second time around.
Sammy Fain and Jack Lawrence - Once Upon A Dream.xml
I know you! I walked with you once upon a dream. I know you! The gleam in your eyes is so familiar a gleam. Yet, I know it's true that visions are seldom all they seem. But if I know you, I know what you'll do; you'll love me at once the way you did once upon a dream.
Traditional - The Rose Of Glamorgan.xml
'twas down by the willows that wave in yon valley, as darkly the shaded of the eving drew nigh, that she mo ra the fair bloming rose of Glamorgan, stood lonely and sad with the tear in her eye. he comes not! he comes not! the ladi love dearly, she cried as the waves hoar sely dash'd on the shore, and she fear'd the stout ship had gone down in the ocean, with the gallant young heart that would love her no more
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - I Was Doing All Right.xml.1
I was doing all right, Nothing but rainbows in my sky, I was doing all right Till you came by. Had no cause to somplain, life was as sweet as apple pie, Never notice the rain Till you came by. But now Whenever you're away, Can't sleep nights and suffer all the day; I just sit and wonder if love isn't one big blunder. But when you hold me tight, tingling all thru, I feel somehow I was doing all right But i'm doing better than ever now. now.
Matt Dennis, Tom Adair - The Night We Called It A Day.xml.2
There was a moon out in space, But a cloud drifted over it's face, You kissed me and went on your way, The night we called it a day. I heard the song of the spheres, Like a minor lament in my ears, I hadn't the heart left to pray, The night we called it a day. Soft thru' the dark, The hoot of an owl in the sky, Sad tho' his song, No bluer was he than I; The moon went down, Stars were gone, But the sun didn't rise with the dawn, There wasn't a thing left to say the night we called it a day. There was a night we called it a day.
Edith Bunker - Everyone Is Someone If You Love Them .xml
EVERY ONE IS SOMEONE IF YOU LOVE THEM, love can make a hero from a chump. Love can make a useless man seem useful, love can grow a flower from a dump. If you dare to reach out to a stranger, you may find you've found a friend indeed, 'cuz EVERY ONE IS SOMEONE IF YOU LOVE THEM 'cuz love is something every body needs love is something every body needs!
Leon Payne - I Love You Because.xml
I love you be cause you understand dear evry single thing I try to do you're alwaysthere to lend a helping hand dear I love you most of all because you're you No matter what the world may say about me I know your love will always see me through I love your for the way you never doubt me But most of all I love you cause you're you. I love you because my heart is lighter evry time I'm walking by your side I love you be cause the fut ures bright er The door to happiness you open wide No matter what may be the stye or season I know your heart will always be true. I love you for a hundred thousand reasons but most of all I love you cause you're you
Henry Rowley Bishop ('Sicilian Air), John Howard Payne - Home, Sweet Home.xml
Mid pleasures and palaces tho' we may roam, Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home! A charm from the skies seems to hallow us there, Which seek tho' the world is not met with elsewhere. Home, home, sweet, sweet, home, There's no place like home, there's no place like home.  An exile from home, splendor daz zles in vain; Oh, give me my lowly thatched cottage again; The birds singing gaily that came at my call, Give me them with that peace of mind dearer than all. home.
Harry Dacre - Daisy, Daisy.xml
Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer do, I'm half crazy, all for the love of you. It won't be a stylish marriage, I can't afford a carriage, But you'll look sweet, on the seat of a bicycle built for
Carl Stuart Hamblen - It Is No Secret.xml
The chimes of time ring out the news another day is through Someoneslipped and fell was that someone you? you may have longed for added strength your courage to renew do not be disheartened for I have news for you it is no secret what God can do what he's done for others he'll do for you with arms wide open He'll pardon you it is no secret what God can do it is no do there is no night for in His light you'll never wall alone Always feel at home where ever you may roam there is no power can conquer you while God is on your side just take Him at His promise dont run away and hide do
Antonio Carlos Jobim, English Lyrics: Ray Gilbert - Once I Loved.xml
Once I loved, and I gave so much love to this love, you were the world to me. Once I cried, at the thought I was foolish and proud and let you say goodbye. Then one day, from my infinite sadness you came and brought me love again. Now I know, that no matter what ever befalls I'll never let you go, I will hold you close, make you stay. Because love is the sadest thing when it goes away Because love is the sadest thing when it goes away.
Sid Tepper, Roy C. Bennett - The Young Ones.xml
The young ones darling we're the young ones and young ones should n't be afraid to live love while the flame is strong for we won't be the young ones very long Tomor row why wait till tomor row To mor row sometimes never comes so love me there's a song to be sung and the best time is to sing it while we're young once in evry lifetime comes a love like this I need you and you need me Oh my darling cant you see Young dreams should be dreamed togeth er young hearts shouldnt be afraid and some day when the years have flown darling this we'll teach the young ones of our own. The own The young ones darling we're the young ones the young ones darling we're the young ones
Frank Loesser - I've Never Been In Love Before.xml
I've Never Been in Love Before, Now all at once it's you. It's you forever more I've Never Been In Love Before, I thought my heart was safe I thought I knew the score. But this is wine that's all too strange and strong. I'm full of foolish song, and out my song must pour. So please forgive this helpless haze I'm in, I've really Never Been In Love Before
David Bartholomew, Antoine Domino and Roy Hayes - I'm Gonna Be A Wheel Someday (Transcribed).xml
I'm gonna be a wheel some day, I'm gonna be somebody. I'm gonna be a real gone cat, then I won't want you. Ev'ry thing's gonna go my way and I won't need no body. I'm gonna be a real gone cat, then I won't want you. You will cry.. yi.. yi.. yi.. yi. You'll cry.. yi.. yi.. yi.. yi. You'll be wondrin' why I don't look at you when I go strollin' by. I'm gonna be a wheel some day, I'm gonna be somebody. I'm gonna be a real gone cat, then I won't want you. I'm gonna be a wheel some day, I'm gonna be somebody. I'm gonna be a real gone cat, then I won't want you. ev'ry thing's gonna go my way and I won't need no body. I'm gonna be a real gone cat, then I won't want you. You will cry.. yi.. yi.. yi.. yi. You'll cry.. yi.. yi.. yi.. yi. You'll be wondrin' why I don't look at you when I go strollin' by. I'm gonna be a wheel some day, I'm gonna be somebody. I'm gonna be a real gone cat, then I won't want you.
John Lennon , Paul McCartney - World Without Love.xml
Please lock me away and don't allow the day. Here inside where I hide with my loneliness, I don't care what they say, I won't stay in a world without love. Birds sing out of tune and raindrops hide the moon. I'm O. K. here I'll stay with my loneliness, I don't care what they say, I won't stay in a world without love. So I wait and in a while I will see my true love smile. She may come, I know not when. When she does I'll know. So baby until then, lock me away and don't allow the day. Here inside where I hide with my loneliness. I don't care what they say, I won't stay in a world without love.
Terry Gilkyson, Richard Dehr, Frank Miller - Green Fields.xml
Once there were green fields kissed by the sun; Once there were valleys where rivers used to run; One there was blue sky with white clouds high above; Once they were part of an everlasting love. We were the lovers who strolled thru geen fields.  Green fields are gone now, parched by the sun; Gone from the valleys where rivers used to run; Gone with the cold wind that swept into my heart; Gone with the lovers who let their dreams depart. Where are the green fields that we used to roam? I'll never know what made you run away. How can I keep searching when dark clouds hide the day? I only know there's nothing here for me, Nothing in this wide world left for me to see. But  I'll keep on waiting, till you return; I'll keep on waiting until the day you learn; You can't be happy while your hearts on a roam; You can't be happy until you bring it home. Home to the green fields and me once again. Home to the green fields and me once again.
Dottie Rambo, Jimmie Davis - Sheltered in the Arms of God.xml
I feel the touch of hands so kind and ten der They're lead ing me in paths that I must trod I have no fear when Je sus walks be sid me for I'm shel tered in the arms of God so let the storms rage high the dark ness rise they won't wor ry me for I'm shelt ered sve with in the arms of God He walks with me and naught of earth can harm me for I'm shel tererd in the arms of God soon I shall hear the call from heav en's por tals come home my child it's the last mile you must trod I'll fall a sleep and wak in God's great heav en shel tered safe with in the arms of God so let the storms rage high the dark ness rise they won't wor ry me for I'm shelt ered sve with in the arms of God He walks with me and naught of earth can harm me for I'm shel tererd in the arms of God God
L. Clinton - My Reverie.xml
Our love is a dream, but in my reverie I can see that this love was meant for me, Only a poor fool never schooled in the whirlpool of romance could be so cruel as you are to me. My dreams are as worthless as tin to me, Without you life will never begin to be. So love me as I love you in my reverie, Make my dream a reality Let's dispence with formality, Come to me in my reverie ie.
Taylor Swift - Sparks Fly.xml
The way you move is like a fullon rainstorm, and I'm a house of cards. You're the kind of reckless that should send me running but I kinda know that I won't get far. And you stood there in front of me, just close enough to touch. Close enough to hope you couldn't see what I was thinking of. Drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain. 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile. Get me with those green eyes baby, as the lights go down. Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around. 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile. My mind forgets to remind me you're a bad idea. You touch me once and it's really something, you find I'm even better than you imagined I would be. I'm on my guard for the rest of the world, but with you I know it's no good. And I could wait patiently, but I really wish you would. Drop every thing I'll run my fingers through your hair and watch the lights go wild. Just keep on keeping your eyes on me, it's just wrong enough to make it feel right. And lead me up the staircase, won't you whisper soft and slow? I'm captivated by you baby like a fireworks show. Drop everything now, meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain. 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile. Get me with those green eyes baby, as the lights go down. Give me something that'll haunt me when you're not around. 'Cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile. And the sparks fly, oh baby smile. And the sparks fly.
Mylon LeFevre 1963 - Without Him.xml
with out Him I could do no thing with out Him I'd sure ly fail with out Him I would be drift ing like a ship with out a sail Je sus oh Je sus do you know Him to day you can't turn Him a way oh Je sus Oh Je sus with out Him how lost I would be with out Him I would be die ing with out Him I'd be en slaved with out Him life would be hope less but with Jesus thank God I'm saved Je sus oh Je sus do you know Him to day you can't turn Him a way oh Je sus Oh Je sus with out Him how lost I would be with out Him I could do no thing with out Him I'd sure ly fail with out Him I would be drift ing like a ship with out a sail Je sus oh Je sus do you know Him to day you can't turn Him a way oh Je sus Oh Je sus with out Him how lost I would be
Gary Moore - Still Got The Blues (Transcribed).xml
Used  to  be so  easy to  give my  heart  away but  I've  found out the  hard  way there's  a  price  you  have  to  pay. But I found that love was  no friend of mine. But I  should have known time  after time. So long, it was  so  long  ago but  I've  still  got  the  blues  for  you. Used  to be so easy to  fall  in  love  again. But I've found out  the hard  way it's  a road  that  leads  to  pain. I've  found out that love was  more  than  just  a  game to play and to  win but to lose just the same. So long  it  was  so  long  ago but  I  still  got  the  blues  for  you. So  many  years since  I've  seen  your  face and here  in  my  heart there's  an  empty  space where you used to  be. So  long  it  was  so  long  ago but  I  still  got  the  blues  for  you. Though the days come  and go, there is one thing I know, I've  still  got  the  blues for you.
Marijohn Williams, Kris Kristofferson - One Day At A Time.xml
I'm only human I'm just a woman help me believe in what I could be and all that I am Show me the stairway I have to climb Lord for my sake teach me to take one day at a time  One day at a time sweet Jesus that's all I'm asking from you Just give me the strength to do evry day what I have to do For yesterday's gone sweet Jesus and tomorrow may never be mine Lord help me today, show me the way one day at a time.
Kirk Talley 1961 - Step Into The Water.xml
step in to the wa ter wade out a lit tle bit de eper wet your feet in the wat er of His love step in to the wa ter wade out a lit tle bit de eper come joint an gels sing ing prai ses to the Lamb of God It is time we the peo ple stand up for what is right it is time we squared our shou lders back raised or swords to fight for the bi ble is our wea pon and the Spir it is our shield the church needs more of its mem bers to be work er in the field step in to the wa ter wade out a lit tle bit de eper wet your feet in the wat er of His love step in to the wa ter wade out a lit tle bit de eper come joint an gels sing ing prai ses to the Lamb of God there is vic tory for the Christ ian who walks the nar row way there has been a prize a point ed for the soul who does not stran Oh I want to live for Je sus be all that I should be so I can rest with Him for ev er live e ther nal ly step in to the wa ter wade out a lit tle bit de eper wet your feet in the wat er of His love step in to the wa ter wade out a lit tle bit de eper come joint an gels sing ing prai ses to the Lamb of God
Mack O. Taunton, 1986 - Into His Presence.xml
Glo ry sur rounds us bles sings a wait us as we come be for the King Pow er a bun dant Ours for the ask ing Joy from His e ter nal spring In to His pres ence with sing ing in to His courts with praise be thank ful to Him bless His name the Lamb is wor thy of praise through His gates with thanks giv ing hear ho san nas ring in to His pres ence with sing ing praise to our soon com ing King give all your bur dens un to the Sav ior hear Him say Peace be still vic tory in bat tle com fort in trial and with His Spir it be filled In to His pres ence with sing ing in to His courts with praise be thank ful to Him bless His name the Lamb is wor thy of praise through His gates with thanks giv ing hear ho san nas ring in to His pres ence with sing ing praise to our soon com ing King
Irving Berlin - What'll I Do.xml
What'll I do when you are far away and I am blue, What'll I do? What'll I do when I am wond'ring who is kising you, what'll I do? What'll I do with just a photo graph to tell my troubles to? When I'm alone with only dreams of you that won't come true, What'll I do? What'll I
Lester Lee, Ned Washington - Fire Down Below.xml
Don't believe my eyes They're the coldest eyes But I'm not so cold Let me put you wise Keeping the temp'rature so low This is a work of art For there's a fire down below Down below in my heart. And my crazy lips They're such lazy lips But they'll come to life should we come to grips If you have anything in mind Warn you before you start There is a fire down below Down below in my heart Now that you're get ting my number Know what I'm talking about Pile on the coal and the lumber Don't let the fire go out! I'll Ad mit my face is the quiet type This can all be changedwhen the time is ripe Call out the volunteer brigade Haul out the fire cart For there's a fire down below, Down below Down below down below in my heart.
Paul Burkhard, Geoffrey Parsons, John Turner - Oh My Pa-Pa.xml
Oh my Papa to me he was so wonderful, Oh my Papa to me he was so good no one could be so gentle and so lovable oh my Papa he always understood gone are the days when he would take me on his knee and with a smile he'd change my tears to laughter oh, my Papa so funny so adorable always the clown so funny in his way Oh my Papa to me he was so wonderful deep in my heart I miss him so today day oh my Papa oh my Papa oh my Papa
Candy Derouge & Gunther Mende, Mary Susan Applegate & Jennifer Rush - The Power Of Love.xml
the whispers in the morning of lovers sleeping tight are rolling by like thunder now, as I look in your eyes. I hold on to your body and feel each move you make. Your voice is warm and tender, a love that I could not forsake. 'Cause I'm your lady and you are my man. Whenever you reach for me, I'll do all that I can. Even though there may be times it seems I'm far away, never wonder where I am 'cause I am always by your side. We're heading for something, somewhere I've never been. Sometimes I am frightened but I'm ready to learn 'bout The Power Of Love The sound of your heart beating made it clear suddenly. The feeling that I can't go on is light years away. 'Cause I'm your lady and you are my man. Whenever you reach for me, I'm gonna do all that I can. We're heading for something, somewhere I've never been. Sometimes I am frightened but I'm ready to learn 'bout the Power Of Love. The power Of Love.
and Sylvester Sprigato, Frank Warshauer, Richard Himber - It Isn't Fair (Transcribed).xml
It isn't fair for you to taunt me. How can you make me care this way? It isn't fair for you to want me if it's just for a day. It isn't fair for you to thrill me. Why do you do the things you do? It isn't fair for you to fill me with those dreams that can't come true dear. Why is it you came into my life and made it complete? You gave me just a taste of high life. If this is love then I repeat. It isn't fair for you to taunt me. How can you make me care this way? It isn't fair for you to want me if it's just for today. My darling it isn't fair.
Freddie Mercury - We are the Champions.xml
I've paid my dues time after time. I've done my sentence but committed no crime And bad mistakes I've pleasure a few i've had my share of sandkicked in my face but I've come through And I need to go on, and on, and on, and on We are the champions my friends And we'll keep on fighting till the end We are the champions We are the champions no time for losers 'cause we are the champions of the world I've taken my bows and my curtain calls and ev'rything me fame goes fortune it. I thank you all But it's been no roses no made cruise I consider a challenge before the whole human race and I ain't gonna lose champions
Nacio Herb Brown, Gordon Clifford - Paradise.xml
And then she holds my hand, Mm And then I understand, Mm Her eyes afire with one desire, Then a heavenly kiss, Could I resist? And then she dims the lights, Mm And then she holds me tight, Mm Her kiss, each fond caress, they lead the way to happiness, she takes me to Para dise.
Seger Ellis, Glen Moore - You're All I Want For Christmas.xml
When Santa comes around at Christmas time and leaves a lot of cheer at ev'ry door, if he would only grant the wish in my heart I would never ask for more. You're all I want for Christmas, all I want my whole life through. Each day is just like Christmas any time that I'm with you. You're all I want for Christmas, and if all my dreams come true, then I'll awake on Christmas morning and find my stocking filled with you. You're you.
Billy Butt - It's Christmas In New York.xml
Churchbells are ringing, choirs are singing, joy they are bringing, it's Christmas in New York. Streetlights are pleasing, snowflakes are teasing, Central Park's freezing, it's Christmas in New York. The stars in the heavens are so bright, they tell of a baby that was born on this night. Rest'rant signs swaying, blue skies are graying, ev'ryones saying, it's Christmas in New York. Skyscrapers gleaming, Broadway lights beaming, children are dreaming, it's Christmas in New York. The lights on the Christmas tree are fine, the sights of the shopping sprees, the gifts, yours and mine. Stockings are filling, champaigne is chilling, it's all so thrilling it's Christmas in New York. Log fires are burning Santa's returning, filling each yearning, it's Christmas in New York Instrumental Instrumental Church bells are ringing, choirs are singing joy they are bringing, it's Christmas in New York. It's Christmas in New York. It's Christmas in New York.
Neil  Diamond - Beautiful  Noise.xml
What a beautiful noise comin' up from the street; got a beautiful sound, it;s got a beautiful beat. It's a beautiful noise goin' on ev'ry where like the clickety click of a train on a track it's got rhythm to spare It's a beautiful noise and it's a sound that I love, and it fits me as well as a hand in a glove, yes it does, yes it does, What a beautiful noise comin' up from the park it's the song of the kids and it plays unto dark it's the song of the cars on their furious flights, but there's even romance in the way that they dance to the beat of the lights It's a beautiful noise and it's a sound that I love and it fits me as well as a hand in a glove does, does, What a beautiful noise made of joy and of strife, like a symphony played by the passing parade it's the music of life. and it makes me feel good like a hand in a glove noise comin' into my room and it's begginfor me Just to give it a tune.
Sam H Stept, Bud Green & Herman Ruby - I'll Always Be In Love With You.xml
Sweetheart if you should stray, a million miles away, I'll Always Be In Love With You, and tho' you find more bliss, in someone else's kiss, I'll always be in love with you. I can't do any more, I've tried so hard to please, but let me thank you for such tender memories. I wish you happiness, as for me, sweetheart, I guess, I'll always be in love with you.
Six Pence Non the Richer - Kiss Me (capo 3).xml
Kiss me out of the bearded barley Nightly beside the green green grass Swing swing swing the spi nning step You wear those shoes and I will wear that dress Kiss me Beneath the milky twilight Lead me out on the moonlit floor Lift your open hand strike up the band make the fire flies dance silver moon sparkling so kiss me Kiss me down by the broken tree house Swing me upon its hanging tire Bring Bring bring your flowered hat we'll take the trail marked on  your father's map
Leonello Casucci, Irving Caesar - Just A Gigolo.xml
Just a Gigolo, ev'rywhere I go, people know the part I'm playing. Paid for ev'ry dance, selling each romance, ev'ry night some heart betraying. There will come a day, youth will pass away, then what will they say about me. When the end comes I know they'll say, "Just a Gigolo." As life goes on without me. out me.
Gerry Goffin and Carole King - The Loco-Motion.xml
Ev'ry body's doin a brand new dance now (C'm on baby do The LocoMotion) I know you'll get to like it if you give it a chance now (C'm on baby do The LocoMotion) my little baby sis ter can do it with ease It's easier than learnin your A B Cs So come on come on do The LocoM0tion with me You gotta swing your hips now Come on baby jump up jump back Oh well, I think you got the knack Now that you can do it let's make a chain now (C'm on baby do The Loco Mo tion) A chugachug a motion like a railroad train now (C'm on baby d0 The LocoMotion) Do it nice and easy now don't lose control A little bit of rhythm and a lot of soul Come on come on do The locomotion with me (C'm on baby do The LocoMotion) Move around the floor in a LocoMotion Do it holdin' hands if you get the notion There's never been a dance that's so easy to do It even makes you happy when you're feelin' blue So Come on come on do The locomotion with me (C'm on baby do The Loco Motion) C'm on baby do The LocoMotion
Carole Joyner, Ric Cartey - Young Love.xml
They say for evry boy and girl there's just one love in this old world   and I know I've found mine the heavenly touch of your embrace tells me no one can take your place ev er in my heart young love first love filled with true devo tion young love our love we share with deep emo tion young
Jack Strachey, Harry Link, Holt Marvel - These Foolish Things.xml
A cigarette that bears a lipstick's traces, an airline ticket to romantic pla ces, and still my heart has wings. These Foolish Things remind me of you. A tinkling piano in the next apartment, those stumbling words that told you what my heart meant, a fairground's painted swings. These Foolish Things remind me of you. You came, you saw, you conquer'd me; when you did that to me, I knew somehow this had to be. The winds of March that make my heart a danc er a telephone that rings but who's to answer Oh, how the ghost of you clings! These Foolish Things remind me of you.
Harry Charles & Henry Tobias - May I Have The Next Dream With You.xml
May I have the next dream with you. May I have the next dream with you dear Just a dream between us two Who'd think that someday Somewhere in some way I'd meet a dream like you Close your eyes and put your arms around me You'd be surprised what love can do So may I have the next dream with you And may it last a whole life through. May it last a whole life May it last a whole life through
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin and Gus Kahn - Liza.xml
Moon shinin' on the river. Come along, my Liza! Breeze singin' thru the treetops. Come along, my Liza! Somethin' mighty sweet I want to whisper sweet and low, That you ought to know, my Liza! I get lonesome, honey, When I'm all alone so long; Don't make me wait; don't hesitate; come and hear my song. Liza, Liza, skies are gray, But if you'll smile on me All the clouds'll roll away. Liza, Liza, don't delay, Come, keep me company And the clouds'll roll away. See the honeymoon ashinin' down; We should mak a date with Parson Brown. So, Liza, Liza, name the day When you belong to me And the clouds'll roll away. way.
Victor Young, Sam F. Lewis - On The Street Of Dreams.xml
Midnight, you heavy laden, it's midnight. Come on and trade in your old dreams for new, your new dreams for old. I know where they're bought, I know where they're sold. Midnight, you've got to get there at midnight, and you'll be met there by others like you, brothers as blue, smiling on the street of dream. Love laughs at a king, kings don't mean a thing on the street of dreams. Dreams broken in two can be made like new on the street of dreams. Gold, silver and gold, all you can hold is in the moonbeams. Poor, noone is poor, long as love is sure on the street of dreams. dreams.
Eubie Blake, Andy Razaf - Memories Of You.xml
Waking skies at sunrise, ev'ry sunset too, seems to be bringing me memories of you. Here and there, ev'rywhere scenes that we once knew and they all just recall, memories of you. How I wish I could forget those happy yesteryears that have left a rosary of tears. Your face beams in my dreams 'spite of all I do, ev'rything seems to bring memories of you.
Allan Roberts, Doris Fisher - Amado Mio.xml
Amaddo Mio love me forever, and let forever begin tonight. when we're together Amado Mio I don't care whether it's wrong or right. Many times I've whispered "Amado Mio", it was just a phase that I'd heard in plays I was acting a part. And now when I whisper. Amado Mio can't you tellI care by the feeling there? "Cause it comes from my heart. Tonight or never my love, my darling, my arms must hold you an hold you tight. Amado Mio love me forever and let for ever begin to night.
Marr, Morrissey - ASLEEP.xml
Sing me to sleep Sing Me to sleep I'm tired and I I want to go to bed Sing me to sleep Sing me to sleep and then leave me a lone Don't try to wake me in the morn ing cuz I will be gone Don't feel bad for me I want you to know Deep in the cell of my heart I will feel so glad to go Sing me to sleep Sing me to sleep I don't want to wake up on my own an y more Sing to me Sing to me I don't want to wake up on my own an y more Don't feel bad for me I want you to know Deep in the cell of my heart I real ly want to go There is a noth er world There is a bet ter world Well, there must be
Walter Kent and Mann Curtis, Al Hoffman - I'm Gonna Live Till I Die.xml
I'm gonna live till I die. I'm gonna laugh 'stead of cry, I'm gonna take the town and turn it upside down, I'm gonna live, live, live till I die. They're gonna say, "What a guy!" I'm gonna play for the sky, Ain't gonna miss a thing, I'm gonna have my fling, I'm gonna live, live, live till I die. The blues'll lay low, I'll make 'em stay low, They'll never trail over my head. I'll be a devil till I'm an angel, But until then, Hallelujah! Gonna dance, Gonna fly, I'll take a chance, ridin' high, Before my number's up I'm gonna fill my cup, I'm gonna live, live, live, live, live until I die!
Bill Backer, Billy Davis, Roger Cook, Roger Greenaway - I'd Like To Teach The World To Sing .xml
I'd like to build the world a home and furnish it with love Grow apple trees and honey bees and snowwhite turtle doves I'd like to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony I'd like to hold it in my arms and keep it comnany I'd like to see the world for once all standing hand in hand and hear them echo through the hills for peace throughout the land That's the song I hear let the world sing today A song of peace that echoes on and never goes away. I'd
Jim Webb - Galveston.xml
Galveston oh! Galves ton I still hear your sea winds blowing; I still see her dark eyes glowing, She was twenty one, When I left Galveston Galveston, oh! Galveston I still hear your sea waves crashing; While I watch the cannon flashin' I clean my gun And dream of Galveston. I still see her standing by the water; Standing there, looking out to sea And is she waiting there for me, On the beach where we used to run. Galveston oh! Galveston I am so afraid of dying, Before I dry the tears she's crying, Before I see your sea birds flying in the sun At Galveston at Galveston.
Arthur Kent, Sylvia Dee - The End Of The World.xml
Why does the sun go on shining? Why does the sea rush to shore? Dont they know its the End of the world cause you dont love me any more? why do the birds go on singing?why do the stars glow above?dont they know its the End of the world it ended when I lost your love I wake up in the morning and I wonder why evrythings the same as it was I cant understand no I cant understand how life goes on the way it does Why does my heart go on beating? Why do these eyes of mine cry? dont they know its the End of the world it ended when you said goodbye.
Willard Robison - Don't Smoke in Bed.xml
She left a note on her dresser and her old wedding ring. With these few goodbye words, sadly she sings: Goodbye old sleepy head I'm packing you in. Like I said, take care of ev'rything. I'm leaving my wedding ring. Don't look for me, I'll get ahead. Remember, darling, Don't smoke in bed. Goodbye old sleepy head I'm packing you in. Like I said, take care of ev'rything. I'm leaving my wedding ring. Don't look for me, I'll get ahead. Remember, darling, Don't smoke in bed.
unknown - Sweethearts in the Spring.xml
It was on a summer's ev'ning when all the world was still two lovers ramble down the lane to an old and wooden mill he was leaving on the morrow for lands far far away and as she nestles close to him she heard him softly say I'll return my little sweetheart in the spring and for us those wedding bells will gaily ring and when all the wrongs are righted our hearts will be united I'll return my little sweetheart in the spring
Seymour Simons, Gerald Marks - All of Me Intro.xml
You took my kiss es and you took my love You taught me how to care Am I to be just the rem nant of a one sid ed love af fair? All you took, I glad ly gave, There's noth ing left for me to save.
Albert Von Tilzer, Jack Norworth - I'm Sorry.xml
When your sweetheart starts apouting' Don't go 'round the house ashouting, Try to bear in mind the golden rule; For the course of true love ne'er ran smooth, we learned in school. Just keep cool and never hurry, There's no time to fret and worry, Things like this occur most ev'ry day; When the trouble's over, then you feel in clover, When your hear her softly say: I'm sorry, sorry, Honest, I'm as sorry as can be; Sorry, sorry, Won't you please make up with me? You are missing Lost of little cuddles and some kissing, I know I wouldn't feel so blue, If I only knew that you were sorry too.
Michel Legrand, Michel Legrand (English Lyrics: Norman Gimbel) - Watch What Happens (Real Book Version).xml
Let someone start believing in you, Let him hold out his hand, Let him touch you and watch what happens. One someone who can look in your eyes, And see into your heart, Let him find you and watch what happens. Cold No I won't believe your heart is cold. maybe just afraid to be broken again. Let someone with a deep love to give, Give that deep love to you, Let him find you and see. Let someone give his heart, Someone who cares like me. me.
Cindy Lauper - Time after time.xml
Lying in my bed I hear the clock tick, & think of you Caught up in circles confusion Is nothing new Flashback warm nights Almost left behind Suitcases of memories, Time after Sometimes you picture me I'm walking too far ahead You are calling to me, I can't hear What you've said Then you said go slow I fall behind The second hand unwinds If you're lost you can look & you will find me Time after time If you fall I will catch you I'll be waiting Time after time If you're lost Time after time Time after time Time after time.
Tom Paxton - The Last Thing On My Mind.xml
It's a lesson too late for the learning made of sand made of sand in the wink of an eye my soul is turning in your hand in your hand are you going a way with no word of farewell will there be not a trace left behind well I could have loved you better didnt mean to be unkind you know that was the last thing on my mind. you've got reason aplenty for going this I know this I know for the weeds have been steadily growing please dont go please dont go
DK - The Gypsy.xml
In a quaint caravan there's a lady they call the Gypsy She can look in the future, and drive away all your fears Ev'ry thing will come right if you only bebelieve the Gypsy She could tell at a glan ce that my heart was so full of tears. She looked at my hand and told me my lover was always true, and yet in my heart I knew dear, somebo dy else was kissing you But I'll go there again 'cause I want to believe the Gypsy That my lover is true and will come back to me some day. In a
Richard Milburn, Septimus Winner - Listen to the Mockingbird.xml
I'm dreaming now of sweet Halley My sweet Halley my sweet Halley I'm dreaming now of sweet Halley for the thought of her is one that never dies Listen to the mocking bird, listen to the mocking bird the mocking bird singing o'er the grave listen to the mockingbird listen to the mockingbird still singing where the weeping willows wave.
Johnny Noble, Leleiohaku - Hawaiian War Chant.xml
Au we, ta hu a la, Au we ta hu a la Ta hu wa i la a ta hu wa i wa i la e hu he ne la a pi li ko o lu a la pu tu tu i lu a i te to e la ha nu li po i ta pa a lai Ta hu wa i la a ta hu wa i wa i la e hu he ne la a pi li ko o lu a la pu tu tu i lu a i te to e la ha nu li po i ta pa a lai Au we, ta hu a la, Au we ta hu a i ai
Joaquin Prieto, Fred Jay - The Wedding.xml
You by my side that's how I see us, I close my eyes, and I can see us, We're on our way to say "I dooo" My secret dreams have all come true oo I see the church I see the people Your folks and mine happy and smiling and I can hear sweet voices singing A ve Mariia Oh my love my love this can real ly be that someday walk down the aisle with me let it be make it be that I'm the one for you I'd be yours all yours now and for ever I see us now, your hand in my hand, This is the hour this is the moment and I can hear sweet voices singing Ave Maria, A ve Mari a Ave Maria Ave Maria
Bill & Gloria Gaither - There's Something About That Name.xml
Je sus Je sus Je sus there's just some thing a bout that name mas ter sav ior Je sus like the fra grance af ter the rain Je sus Je sus Je sus let al hea ven and earth pro claim kings and king doms will all pass a way but there's some thing a bout that name Je sus Je sus Je sus there's just some thing a bout that name mas ter sav ior Je sus like the fra grance af ter the rain Je sus Je sus Je sus let al hea ven and earth pro claim kings and king doms will all pass a way but there's some thing a bout that name
Dick Howard, Bob Ellsworth, Russ Morgan - Somebody Else Is Taking My Place.xml
Somebody else is taking my place somebody else now shares your embrace while I am trying to keep from crying you go around with a smile on your face Little you care for vows that you made Little you care how much I have paid My heart is aching my heart is breaking for somebody's taking my place.
Celestine Akins - The Story of My Life.xml
Lone ly to night lone ly yes ter day Lone ly to mor row Thats the stor y of my life I used to sit a round just wait ing for love to come to me But that gets a gra vat ing And lone some as can be In all my dreams It al ways seems Some one loves me Then I a wake and find that it's not right Lone ly to night Lone ly yes ter day lone ly to mor row Thats the stor y of my life
Harold Arlen, Leo Robin - For Every Man There's A Woman.xml
For ev'ry man there's a woman, for ev'ry man there's a plan, and wise men know it was ever so; since the world began woman was mad for man. Where is she? Where is the woman for me? For ev'ry prince there's a princess, for ev'ry Joe there's a Joan, and if you wait you will meet the mate born for you alone, happy to be your own. Where is she? Where is the then together you will find the sun. For ev'ry heart there's a moment for ev'ry hand a glovec and for ev'ry woman, a man to love. Where is she? Where is the one for me.
Leo Friedman, Beth Slater Whitson - Meet Me Tonight In Dreamland.xml.1
Dreaming of you, that's all I do, Night and day for you I'm pining, And in your eyes, blue as the skies, I can see the lovelight softly shining; Because you love me there it seems, Pray meet me in the land of dreams. Meet me tonight in dreamland Under the silv'ry moon Meet me tonight in dreamland where love's sweet roses bloom Come with the lovelight gleaming In your dear eyes of blue Meet me in dreamland sweet dreamy dreamland There let my dreams come true. true.
Terry Gilkyson - The Cry Of The Wild Goose.xml
Tonight I heard the wild goose cry wing in north in the lonely sky tried to sleep but it warnt no use cause I am a brother to the old wild goose My heart knows what the wild goose knows and I must go where the wild goose goes wild goose, brother goose which is best a wandrin foot or a heart at rest? Flip flap hurry  up take to the sky wish I had wings so I could fly I hear the honker and the blue goose too One went to Canada the other just flew My woman was kind and true to me she thinks she loves me the more fool she she"s gotta learn that it aint no use to love the brother of the old wild goose My heart knows what the wild goose knows and I must go where the wild goose goes wild goose brother goose which is best A wandrin foot or a heart at rest?
Jesse Greer, Raymond Klages - Just You, Just Me.xml
Just you, just me, Let's find a cozy spot, to cuddle and coo. Just us, Just we, I've missed an awful lot, my trouble is you. Oh, Gee! What are your charms for? What are your arms for? Use your imagination! Just You, Just me, I'll tie a lover's knot 'round wonderful you!
LOU CHRISTIE & TWYLA - PAINT AMERICA LOVE.xml
Trapped by old ways Dis tant mus ic plays Paint ed fad ed signs Si lent voi ces meet A cross the free dom line There's vis ions a bove the sod When Man and Love are God There's a bright er world to share Rest less ways will take us there TIME TO PAINT A MER IC A TIME TO HON OR THE BEST IN OUR SELVES Time for hope Time for peace PAINT IT LOVE PAINT IT LOVE PAINT IT LOVE Go a head and paint it love PAINT IT LOVE Go a head and paint it love Salt in our wounds Lov ing com munes Sor row at our door Bor rowed trou bled times In vis a ble score LOVE PAINT IT LOVE PAINT IT
Bob Dufford - Like A Shepherd.xml
Like a shepherd He feeds his flock and gathers the lambs in his arms, holding them carefully close to His heart, leading them home.  Say to the cities of Judah: Prepare the way of the Lord. Go to the mountaintop, lift your voice: Jerusa lem, here is your God Like a shepherd He feeds his flock and gathers the lambs in his arms, holding them carefully close to His heart, leading them home.  I myself will shepherd them, for others have led them astray. The lost I will rescue and heal their wounds and pasture them, giving them rest. Like a shepherd He feeds his flock and gathers the lambs in his arms, holding them carefully close to His heart, leading them home.  Come unto me if you are heavily burdened and take my yoke upon your shoulders. I will give you rest. Like a shepherd He feeds his flock and gathers the lambs in his arms, holding them carefully close to His heart, leading them home. leading them home.
S.Sgt Barry Sadler - The Ballad of the Green Berets.xml
Figh ting soldiers from the sky. Fear less men who jump and die Men who mean just what they say The brave men of the Green Beret. Silver wings upon their chest These are men, America's best One hundred men we'll test today But only three win the Green Beret. Trained to live off nature's land Trained in combat hand to hand Men who fight by night and day. Courage deep from the Green Beret. Silver wings upon their chest These are men, America's best One hundred men we'll test today But only three win the Green Beret. Back at home a young wife waits Her Green Beret has met his fate. He has died for those opressed Leaving her this last request. Put silver wings on my son's chest Make him one of America's best. He'll be a man they'll test one day. Make him win the Green Beret.
Melanie Safka - What Have They Done To My Song, Ma?.xml
Look what they done to my song, Ma look what they done to my song well, its the only thing that I could do half right and its turning out all wrong, Ma Look what they done to my song. Look what they done to my brain Ma look what they done to my brain Well they picked it like a chickcken bone and I think I'm half insane Ma look what they done to my brain
Dory Caymmi, Nelson Mota, English by  Alan and Marilyn Bergman - Like A Lover.xml
Like a lover the morning sun slowly rises and kisses you awake. Your smile is soft and drowsy as you let it play upon your face. Oh, how I dream I might be like the morning sun to you. Like a lover the river wind sighs and ripples it's fingers thru your hair. Upon your cheek it lingers, never having known a sweeter place. Oh, how I dream I might be like the river wind to you. How I envy a cup that knows your lips, let it be me my love, And a table that feels your figgertips, Let it be me, Let me be your love, Bring and end to the endless days and nights without you. Like a lover the velvet moon,  shares your pillow and watches while you sleep. It's light arrives on tiptoe, gently taking you in it's embrace. Oh, how I dream I might be like the velvet moon to you.
Traditional, Isaac Watts - When I Survey the Wondrous Cross.xml
When I survey the wondrous cross On which the Prince of Glory died, My richest gain I count but loss, And pour contempt on all my pride.
Stewart Hamblen, 1958 - Until Then.xml
my heart can sing when I pause to re mem ber a heart ache here is just a step ping stone a long a trail that's wind ing al ways up ward this troub led world is not my fi nal home but un til then my heart will go on sing ing un til then with joy I'll car ry on un til the day my eyes be hold that ci ty un til the day God calls me home the things of earth will dim and lose their val ue If we re call they're bor rowed for a while and things of earth that cause the heart to trem ble re mem bered ther will on ly bring a smile but un til then my heart will go on sing ing un til then with joy I'll car ry on un til the day my eyes be hold that ci ty un til the day God calls me home this wea ry world with all it's toil a strug gle may take it's toll of mis er y and strife the soul of man is like a wait ing fal con when it's re leased it's des tined for the sky but un til then my heart will go on sing ing un til then with joy I'll car ry on un til the day my eyes be hold that ci ty un til the day God calls me home
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Birthday.xml
You say it's your birth day. It's my birthday too. They say it's your birthday. We're gonna have a good time. I'm glad it's your birthday. Happy birthday to you. Yes, we're go ing to a party, party. Yes, we're go ing to a party, party. Yes, we're go ing to a party, party. I would like you to dance (Birthday) Take a chachacha  chance (Birth day) I would like you to dance (Birthday) Dance I would like you to dance (Birthday) Take a chachacha  chance (Birth day) I would like you to dance (Birthday) Dance!
Irving Berlin - All By Myself.xml
All by myself in the morning, all by myself in the night, I sit alone with a table and a chair. so unhappy there, playing solitaire. All by myself I get lonely, watching the clock on the shelf. I'd love to rest my weary head on some body's shoulder. I hate to grow older all by myself. self.
Alex Kramer, Mack David, Joan Whitney - Candy.xml
Candy I call my sugar "Candy" Because I'm sweet on Candy Amd Candy's sweet on me. She understands me My understanding Candy. And Candy's always handy When I need ympathy. I wish that there were four of her So I could love much more of her She has taken my complete heart Got a sweet tooth for my sweetheart. Candy, It's gonna be just dandy The day I take my Candy And make her mine, all mine mine.
Jerome  Kern, Dorothy Fields - Remind Me.xml
Remind me not to find you so attractive, Remind me that the world is full of men. When I start to miss you, to touch your hand, to kiss you, Remind me to count to ten! I had a feeling when I met you you'd drive me crazy, if I let you, But all my efforts to forget you Remind me, I'm in love again I get my heart well in hand, and I'm certain that I can take you or leave you alone. Then you "Begin that Beguine" again, and boom! I give in again. I have a will made of steel, my friend, but when it seems about to bend, Re mind me not to mention that I love you. Remind me to be sorry that we met. Although I adore you, Remind me to ignore you, you're one thing I will regret! So when your charm begins to blind me, I'll simply tie my hands behind me. Dom't let me kiss you, please Remind me. unless my Darling, you for get.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - It's Been A Long Long Time.xml
Never thought that you would be standing here so close to me. There's so much I feel that I should say But words can't wait until some other day. Just kiss me once and kiss me twice and kiss me once again, it's been a long, long, time. Haven't felt like this, my dear, since can't remember when, it's been a long, long time. You'll never know how many dreams I dreamed about you or just how empty they all seemed without you. So kiss me once and kiss me twice and kiss me once again it's been a long, long, time. Just Time
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Love Is The Tender Trap.xml
You see a pair of laughing eyes, And suddenly you're sighing sighs, You're thinking nothing's wrong, you string along, boy, then snap! Those eyes, those sighs, they're part of the tender trap! You're hand in hand beneath the trees, And soon there's music in the breeze, You're acting kind of smart until your heart just goes whap! Those trees, that breeze, they're part of the tender trap! Some starry night when her kisses make you tingle, She'll hold you tight and you'll hate yourself for being single. And all at once it seems so nice, The folks are throwing shoes and rice, You hurry to a spot that's just a dot on the map! You wonder how it all came about, It's too late now, There's no getting out. You fell in love, and love is the tender trap!
John Wall Callcott, Ben Jonson - Drink To Me Only With Thine Eyes.xml
Drink to me only with thine eyes and I will pledge with mine Or leave a kiss within the cup and I'll not ask for wine the thirst that from my soul doth rise and asks a drink divine But might I of Jove's nectar sup I would not change for thine
Dire Straits - Brothers in arms.xml
These mist coved Mountains   Are home to me now But my home is the low lands And always wil be Some day you will return to Your valleys and your farms And You'll no longer burn to be brothers in arms Though fields of distruction   Baptisims of fire I've watched all your sufferings   As thel battle raged higher. Although they did hurt me so bad In the fear and alarm And you'll no longer burn to be brothers  in arms Now the suns gone to hell   And the moons riding high Let me bid you farewell Every man has to die But its written in the star light And every line on your palm And we're fools to make war on our brothers  in arms
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - By Strauss.xml
When I want a melody lilting thru the house, Then I want a melody by Strauss! It laughs! It sings! The world is in rhyme, Swinging to three quar  ter time. Let the "Danube" flow along And the "Fledermaus!"  Keep the wine and give me song by Strauss! By Jo! By Jing! "By Strauss" is the thing! So I say to hachacha Heraus! Just give me a oompahpah By Strauss! When I want a Strauss!
James Lord Pierpont - Jingle Bells.xml
Dashing through the snow. In a onehorse open sleigh. O'er the fields we go. Laughing all the way. Bells on bob tail ring. Making spirits bright. What fun it is to laugh and sing, a sleighing song tonight. Oh! Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh! What fun it is to ride in a onehorse open sleigh! Hey! Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way. Oh, what fun it is to ride in a onehorse open sleigh! day or two ago I though I'd take a ride, and soon Miss Fannie Bright was seated by my side. The horse was lean and lank, misfortune seemed his lot; he got into a drifted bank and we, we got upsot! Oh! A Now the ground is white; go it while you're young Take the girls tonight and sing this sleighing song. Just get a bobtail bay, twoforty for his speed, then hitch him to an open sleigh and crack! you'll take the lead! Oh! sleigh!
Thomas Haynes Bayly - Long Long Ago.xml
Tell me the tales that to me were so dear long long a go long long a go sing me the songs I de light ed to hear long long a go long ago now you are here all my grief is removed let me forget that so long you have roved let me believe that you love as you loved long long ago long ago
Richard H Gerard, Henry W. Armstrong - Sweet Adeline.xml
Sweet Adeline my Adeline at night dear heart for you I pine in all my dreams your fair face beams you're the flower of my heart sweet ade line Sweet Adeline my Ad e line at night dear heart for you I pine In all my dreams your fair face beams youre the flower of my heart sweet Adeline
Arthur Hamilton - Cry Me A River.xml
Now you say you're lonely , you cry the long night through well, you can Cry Me a River cry me a river, I cried a river over you.
Leo Robin, Ralph Rainger - June in January.xml
It's June in January because I'm in love. It always is spring in my heart, with you in my arms. The snow is just white blossoms that fall from above; and here is the reasonmy dear, your magical charms. The night is cold, the trees are bare, but I can feel the scent of roses in the air. It's June in January because I'm in love, but only because I'm in love with you. It's you.
Mercer Ellington - Things Ain't What They Used To Be.xml.1
Got so weary of bein' nothin', felt so dreary just doin' nothin', did'nt care ever gettin' nothin', felt so low. Now my eyes on the far ho rizon can see a glow announcin' Things ain't what they used to be. Look at that army fightin' to be free. It doesn't bar me! Shows me how to go with my head up; eyes ain't lookin' low. Don't feel fed up, that's how come I see a victory; believe me things ain't what they used to be. No use bein' a doubtin' Thomas, no ignorin' that rosy promise, now I know there's a happy story yet to come. It's the dawn of the day of glory: millennium. I tell you things ain't what they used to be.
Cy Coleman, Joseph McCarthy - Why Try To Change Me Now.xml.1
I'm sentimental, so I walk in the rain. I've got some habits even I can't explain. Could start for the corner, turn up in Spain, but why try to change me now? I sit and day dream, I've got daydreams galore, cigarette ashes, there they go on the floor. I'll go away weekends leave my keys in the door, but why try to change me now? Why can't I be more conventional? People talk, people stare so I try. But that's not for me, 'cause I can't see my kind of crazy world go passing me by. So let people wonder let them laugh, let them frown. You know I'll love you till the moon's upside down. Don't you remember I was always a clown? Why try to change me now?
Roy Turk, Fred E. Ahlert - Mean To Me .xml
You're mean to me. Why must you be mean to me? Gee, honey it seems to me you love to see me cryin. I don't know why I stay home each night when you say you'll phone you don't and I'm left alone sing in' the blues and sighin'. You treat me coldly each day in the year. You always scold me whenever somebody is near, dear. It must be great fun to be mean to me, you shouldn't, for can't you see what you mean to me. you're me.
Jimmy Van Heusen , Eddie DeLange - Heaven Can Wait.xml
Heaven can wait, this is para dise just being here with you and breathing the air you do heaven can wait. Darling it's true this is para dise, gazing at all your charms; it's heavenly in your arms, heaven can wait. You must be an angel on a visit from the skies; now I look at heaven when I look into your eyes. Heaven can wait, this is para dise, loving the way we do, until I go there with you, heaven can wait wait
Ira D. Sankey, William O. Cushing - Under His Wings.xml
Under His wings I am safely abiding, Though the night deepens and tempests are wild. Still I can trust Him; I know He will keep me. He has redeemed me and I am His child. Under His wings, under His wings, Who from his love can sever? Under His wings my soul shall abide; Safely abid forever.
Agustin Lara, English Lyrics: Ray Gilbert - You Belong To My Heart.xml
You belong to my heart now and forever and our love had its start not long ago. we were gathering stars while a millionguitars played our love song. When I said I love you evry beat of my heart said it too. 'Twas a moment like this do you remember? and your eyes threw a kiss, when they met mine. Now we own all the stars and a million guitars are still playing. Dar ling you are the song and you'll always belong to my heart.
Guy Chambers, Robbie Williams - Eternity.xml
Close your eyes so you don't feel them, they don't need to see you cry. I can promise I will heal you, but if you want to I will try. I sing this summer serenade, the past is done we've been  betrayed it's true. Someone said the truth will out and I believe without a doubt in you. You were there for summer dreaming and you gave me what I need. And I hope you'll find your free dom for eternity For eternity. ty. For eter nity. I sing this summer serenade the past is done, we've been betrayed it's true. Youth is wasted on the young before you know, it's come and gone too soon. You were there for summer dreaming and you are a friend indeed. And I hope you'll find you free dom for eternity. You were dom eventually, for eternity. For eternity.
Johnny Cymbal, Mike Lendell - Mary in the morning.xml
Nothings quite as pretty as Mary in the morning when through a sleepy haze I see her lying there soft as the rain that falls on summer flowers warm as the sunlight shining on her golden hair
Carl Fischer, Bill Carey - Who Wouldn't Love You.xml
Who wouldn't love you, who woudn't care? You're so enchanting, people must stare. You're the dream that dreamers want to dream about, you're the breath of spring that lovers gad about, are mad about. Who wouldn't love you, who woudn't buy, the westside of heaven if you winked your eye? You're the answer to my ev'ry prayer, darling, who woudn't love you, who woudn't care? Who wouldn't love you, who woudn't care? You're so enchanting, people must stare. You're the dream that dreamers want to dream about, you're the breath of spring that lovers gad about, are mad about. Who wouldn't love you, who woudn't buy, the westside of heaven if you winked your eye? You're the answer to my ev'ry prayer, darling, who woudn't love you, who woudn't care?
Dottie Rambo 1977 - I've Never Been This Homesick Before.xml
There's a light in the win dow the ta ble's spread in splen dor Some one's stand ing by the op en door I can see a cry stal riv er so I must be near for ev er Lord I've nev er been this home sick be fore see the bright Light shine it's just a bout home time I can see my Fa ther stand ing at the door This world's been a wil der ness I'm read y for de liv er ance Lord I've nev er been this home sick be fore I can see the fam in ga ther sweet fac es all fa mil iar no one's old or fee ble an y more This lone some heart is cry ing think I'll spread my wings for fly ing Lord I've nev er been this home sick be fore see the bright Light shine it's just a bout home time I can see my Fa ther stand ing at the door This world's been a wil der ness I'm read y for de liv er ance Lord I've nev er been this home sick be fore
Richard Rogers, Oscar Hammerstein - Love Look Away.xml
Love look away! Love look away from me. Fly when you pas my door, Fly and get lost at sea. Call it a day. Love, let us say we're through. No good are you for me, No good am I for you. Wanting you so, I try too much. After you go, I cry too much. Love, look away. Lonely though I may be, Leave me and set me free, Look away, look away look away from me.
Margaret Cobb, Bruce Channel - Hey Baby.xml
Hey hey ba by Ooo ah I want to know know if you'll be my girl When I saw you walking down the street I said that's the kind of girl I'd like to meet She's so pretty she's so fine I'm gonna make her mine, oh mine When you turn and walk asay that's when I want to say come on baby give me a whirl I want to know I want to knowowow when you turn and walk away thats when I want to say come on baby give me a whirl I want to know if you'll be my girl
Lee Hazelwood - Some Velvet Morning.xml
(Lee) Some  velvet  morning  when  I'm  straight.  I'm  gonna'  open  up  your  gate.  And  maybe  tell  you  'bout  Phaedra,  and  how she  gave me  life, and  how she  made it  end.  Some  velvet  morning  when  I'm straight.  (Nancy) 1. Flowers  growing  on  a  hill, Dragon flies  and  daffodils. Learn  from  us very  much. Look  at  us  but  do  not  touch. Phaedra  is  my  name.               2. Flowers are the things we grow, Secrets are the things we grow. (Lee) (Nancy)  (Lee) (Nancy) (Lee) (Nancy) (Lee) (Nancy) (Lee) (Nancy)
Ned Miller, Chester Cohn, Jule Styne, Bennie Krueger - Sunday.xml
I'm blue evry Monday, thinking over Sunday That one day when I'm with you, It seems that I sigh all day Tuesday, I cry all day Wednesday, Oh, my! how I long for you, And then comes Thursday, Gee! it's long it never goes by. Friday makes me feel like I'm gonna die, But after payday is my funday, I shine all day Sunday, That one day when I'm with you. you..
Mexican folk song - Cielito Lindo.xml
Heavens above you all know that I love you you rival their beauty my darling I wait the day dear when I can hear you say dear I'll come to you with love's own greeting the stars above will light up the way the heavens will bless our meeting
The Beach Boys - Sloop John B.xml
We come on the sloop John B my grandfather and me around Nassau town we did roam drinking all night got in to a fight well I feel so broke up I want to go home so hoist up the John B sails see how the mains'l sets call for the captain ashore let me go home let me go home I want to go home yeah yeah well I feel so broke up I want to go home The first mate he got drunk he broke in the captains trunk the constable had to come and take him a way Sheriff John Stonewhy dont you leave me alone well I feel so broke up I want to go home home
Mike Oldfield - Moonlight shadow.xml
The last that evershe saw him, carried away by the moonlight shadow, He passed on worried and warning, Carried away by the moonlight shadow, Lost in ariver last saturday night, Far away on the other side, He was caught in a middle of a despreate fight, And she could not find how to get through. I saty, I pray, I see you in heaven far away, I stay, I pray I see you in heaven far way.
Jesse Fuller - San Francisco Bay Blues.xml
I got the blues for my baby, left me by the San Francisco Bay; Ocean liner took her so far away. Didn't mean to treat her so bad, she was the best gal I ever had. Said goodbye, made me cry, I wanna lay down and die. I ain't got a nickel and I aint got a lousy dime; If she ever comes back, I think I'm gonna lose my mind. If she ever comes back to stay, It'll be another brand new day, Walkin' with my baby down by the San Francisco bay.
Lionel Hampton, Sonny Burke, Johnny Mercer - Midnight Sun.xml
Your lips were like a red and ruby chalice, warmer than the summer night. The clouds are like an alabaster palace rising to a snowy height. Each star it's own aurora borealis, suddenly you held me tight. I could see the midnight sun. I can't explain the silver rain that found me, or was that a moonlit veil? The music of the universe around me, or was that a nightingale? And then your arms miraculously found me, suddenly the sky turned pale, I could see the midnight sun. Was there such a night, it's a thrill I still don't quite believe, But after you were gone, there was still some stardust on my sleeve. The flame of it may dwindle to an ember, and the stars forget to shine, And we may see the meadow in December icy white and crystalline. But Oh, my darling always I'll remember when your lips were close to mine, And we saw the midnight sun. Your midnight sun.
Oscar Straus, Stanislaus Stange - My Hero.xml
I have a true and noble lover He is my sweetheart, allmy own His like on Earth who shall discover? His heart is mine, and mine alone. We pledged our troth each to the other, And for our happiness I pray. Our lives belong to one another, Oh happy, happy wedding day, Oh happy, happy wedding day. Come, come, I love you only, my heart is true. Come, come, my life is lonely, I long for you. Come, come naught can efface you, my arms are aching now to embrace you, thou art divine Come, come, I love you only. Come, Hero mine.It is my duty to bow before thee, It is my duty to love adore thee! It is my duty to love thee ever, to love thee ever, love thee ever.
Irving Berlin - Change Partners.xml
Must you dance ev'ry dance with the same fortunate man? You have danced with him since the music began. Won't you change partners and dance with me? Must you dance quite so close with your lips touching his face? Can't you see I'm longing to be in his place? Won't you change partners and dance with me? Ask him to sit this one out, and while your alone I'll tell the waiter to tell him he's wanted on the telephone. You've been locked in his arms ever since heaven knows when. Won't you change partners, and then you may never want to change partners again.
Hugh Williams, Jimmy Kennedy - Harbor Lights.xml.1
I saw the harbor lights they only told me we were parting, The same old harbor lights That once brought you to me, I watched the harbor lights, How could I help if tears were starting? Goodbye to tender nights beside the silv'ry sea. I longed to hold you near and kiss you just once more, But you were on the ship and I was on the shore. Now I know lonely nights for all the while my heart is whsp'ring Some other harbor lights will steal your love from me. I saw the me.
Irving  Berlin - Don't Be Afraid Of Romance.xml
Don't be afraid of romance. Don't be so frightened, come on take a chance. Don't stop to question is this the real thing. Don't be afraid to let go. Don't run away 'till you know. Romance is best while you're young, that's when the sweetest of love songs are sung. that's when your daydreams are filled with moonlight. Don't be afraid when you start. You have nothing to lose but your heart. heart.
Carl Schraubstader, Lew Brown - Last Night On The Back Porch.xml
I love her in the morning and I love her at night I love her yes I love her when the stars are shining bright I love her in the springtime and I love her in the fall but last night on the back porch I loved her best of all.
Jule Styne, Leo Robin - Diamonds Are A Girls Best Friend.xml
The French are glad to die for love, they delight in fighting duels. But I prefer a man who lives, and gives expensive jewels. A kiss on the hand may be quite Continental, but diamonds are a girls bestr friend A kiss may be grand, but it won't pay the rental on your humble flat or help you at the automat. Men grow cold as girls grow old and we all lose our dreams in the end. But squarecut or pearshape, these rock's don lose their shape, diamonds are a girls best friend. The friend.
Sid Tepper, Roy C.Bennett - Travelin' Light.xml
Got no bags and baggage to slow me down I'm trav'lin so fast my feet aint touchin the ground Travelin light travelin light Well I just can't wait to be with my baby tonight no comb and no toothbrush I got nothin to haul I'm carrying only a pocketfull of dreams a heart full of love and they weigh nothing at all Soon I'm gonna see that love look in her eyes I'm a hoot and a holler away fromparadise travelin light travelin light I just can't wait to be with my baby tonight
Richard M. Sherman, Robert B. Sherman - Chim Chim Cher-ee.xml
Chim chiminey, chim chiminey, Chim Chim Cheree! A sweep is as lucky, as lucky can be. Chim chiminey, chim chiminey, chim chim cheroo! Good luck will rub off When I shakes 'ands with you, or blow me a kiss, and that's lucky too.   Now, as the ladder of life 'as been strung, you may think a sweep's on the bottom most rung. Though I spends me time in the ashes and smoke, in this 'ole wide world, there's no 'appier bloke.   I choose me bristles with pride, yes, I do: a broom for the shaft, and a brush for the flue. Though I'm cover'd with soot from me 'ead to me toes, a sweep knows 'e's welcome wherever 'e Up where the smoke is all biller'd and curled, 'tween pavement and star, is the chimney sweep's world. When there's 'ardly no day, nor 'ardly no night, there's things 'alf in shadow and 'alfway in light. On the rooftops of London, coo, what a sight! Chim chiminey, chim chiminey, chim chim cheree! When you're with a sweep, you're in glad comny. Nowhere is there a more 'appier crew, than them wot sings, "Chim chim cheree, chim cheroo!" Chim chiminey, chim chim cheree, chim cheroo!
Harry Dacre - I'll Be Your Sweetheart.xml
One day I saw two lovers in a garden, a little lad and lass with golden hair. They looked as sweet as honey in a beehive, and as I stood and watched the youthful pair, the young lad blushing gave the lass a kiss, and tenderly he whispered this.I'll be your sweetheart if you will be mine All my life I'll be your valentine. bluebells I've gathered, keep them and be true. When I'm a man my plan will be to marry you.
Erno Rapee, Lew Pollack - Charmaine.xml
I wonder why you keep me waiting Charmaine my Charmaine I won der when bluebirds are mating will you come back again I won der if I keep on pray ing will our dreams be the same I wonder if you ever think of me too I am wait ing my Charmaine for you
Billy Reid - A Tree in the Meadow.xml
There's a tree in the meadow with a stream drifting by and carved upon that tree I see I love you till I die I will always remember the love in your eye the day you carved upon that tree I love you till I die But further on down lovers lane a silhouette I see I know you're kissing someone else, I wish that it were me By that tree in the meadow my thoughts always lie and where'er you go you"ll always know I love you till I die.
Jacob Gade, Winifred May - Jealousy.xml
Jealousy 'twas only through Jealousy our hearts were broken And angry words were spoken Now all I have is memory To cherish so tenderly With ev'ry token you have given to me I loved too well For I doubted you in my heart My life was hell ev'ry moment we were apart Why did I make that big mistake I wrong'd you sight from the start. 'twas all over my jealousy My crime was my blind Jealousy My heart was afire with desire for you But I never thought that your love was trueYou gave all your kisses to me But now all too late, I can see The heartaches I cost you No wonder I lost you! 'twas all over my Jealousy 'Twas dance to a tango of love. Your heart beats with mine as we sway. Your eyes give the answer I'm dreaming of; That soft word your cruel lips will never say. Well I fear that the music will end. And shatter the spell it may lend. To make me believe when your eyes just deceive It's only the tango you love.
Leon Rene, Leon Rene  - When The Swallows Come Back To Capistrano .xml
WHEN THE SWALLOWS COME BACK TO CAPIS TRANO that's the day you promised to come back to me. When you whispered farewell in Capis trano 'twas the day the Swallows flew out to the sea All the mission bells will ring the chapel choir will sing, the happi ness you bring will live in my memory WHEN THE SWALLOWS COME BACK TO CAPISTRANO that's the day I pray that you'll come back to me WHEN THE me
Henry Mayer, Johnny  Mercer - Summer Wind.xml
The summer wind came blowing in across the sea, It lingered there to touch your hair and walk with me. All summer long we sang a song and strolled the golden sand, Two sweethearts and the summer wind. Like painted kites, the days and nights went flying by, The world was new beneath a blue umbrella sky, Then softer than a piper man one day it called to you, I lost you to The
Lew Brown: Wladimir A. - Beer Barrel Polka.xml
Theres a garden what a garden only happy faces bloom there and there's never any room there for a worry or a gloom there oh theres music and theres dancing and a lot of sweet romancing when they play a polka they all get in the swing evry time they hear that oompapa evry body feels so tralala they want to throw their cares away they all go lahde ah deay then they hear a rum ble on the floor its the big surprise they're waiting for and all the couples form a ring for miles around you'll hear them sing roll out the barrel we'll have a barrel of fun roll out the barrel we've got the blues on the run Zing! Boom! Tararrell! ring out a song of good cheer Now's the time to roll the barrel for the gangs all here. here.
Joseph J. Lilley, Frank Loesser - Jingle Jangle Jingle.xml
I got spurs that Jingle Jangle Jingle, as I go ridin' merrily along. And they sing, "Oh, ain't you glad you're single!" and that song ain't so very far from wrong. Oh, Lillie Belle, Oh, Lillie Belle though I may have done some foolin' this is why I never fell: I got spurs that Jingle Jangle Jingle as I go ridin' merrily along. And they sing, "Oh, ain't you glad you're single!" and that song ain't so very far from wrong, so I'll jingle on along.
Hans Bradtke, Manos Hadjidakis - White Rose Of Athens.xml
The summer days are ending in the valley and now the time has come when we must be apart but like the rose that comes back with the springtime you will return to bring the summer to my heart till the white rose blooms again you must leave me leave me lonely so goodbye my love till then till the white rose blooms again the autumn leaves are falling in the valley and soon the winter snow will lie on the ground but like the rose that comes back with the springtime you will return to me whenn springtime comes around gain till the white rose blooms again,
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - Get Happy.xml
Forget your troubles and just get happy, You better chase all your cares away. Sing Hallelujah, come on, get happy, Get ready for the judgement day. The sun is shinin', come on, get happy, The Lord is waiting to take your hand. Shout  Halelujah, come on, get happy, We're going to the promised land. We're headin 'cross the River, wash your sins 'way in the tide; It's all so peaceful on the other side. Forget you troubles and just get happy, you better chase all you cares away. Shout Halelujah, come on, get happy Get ready for the judgement day. Forget your day.
Brent Dowe, Trevor McNaughton - Rivers of Babylon.xml
By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down yeah we wept, when we remembered Zion. By the rivers of Babylon, there we sat down yeah we wept, when we remembered Zion. When the wicked Carried us away in captivity Required from us a song Now how shall we sing the lord's song in a strange land When the wicked Carried us away in captivity Required from us a song Now how shall we sing the lord's song in a strange land Let the words of our mouths and the meditations of our hearts be acceptable in thy sight here tonight Let the words of our mouths and the meditations of our hearts be acceptable in thy sight here tonight
Leslie Bricusse - My Kind Of Girl.xml
She walks like an angel walks, She talks like an angel talks, And her hair has a kind of curl, To my mind she's my kind of girl. She's wise like an angel wise,, With eyes like an an gels eyes, And a smile like a kind of pearl, To my mind she's my kind of girl. Pretty little face, That face just knocks me off my feet. Pretty little feet, She's really sweet enough to eat! She looks like an angel looks She even cooks like an angel cooks And my minds in a kind of whirl, Because to my mind she's my kind of girl She girl. And my heart's kinda full of joy, Because she's told me I'm her kind of boy.
J.P.Kelly - The Old Rustic Bridge.xml
I'm thinking tonight of the old rustic bridge that bends o'er the murmuring stream twas there Maggie dear with our hearts full of cheer we strayed neath the moons gentle beam twas there I first met you the light in your eyes awoke in my hearts sweet prayer though now far away still my thoughts fondly stray to the old rustic bridge by the mill beneath it a stream gently rippled around it the birds loved to trill though now far away still my thoughts fondly stray to the old rustic bridge by the mill.
Cole Porter - My Heart Belongs To Daddy.xml
While tearing off a game of golf I may make a play for the caddy; but when I do I don't follow through 'cause My Heart Belongs To Daddy. If I invite a boy somenight to dine on my fine finnan haddie, I just adore his asking for more, but My Heart Belongs To Daddy. Yes, My Heart Belongs To Daddy, so I simply couldn't be bad. Yes, My Heart Belongs To Daddy, dada, dadada, dadadaad! So I want to warn you, laddie tho' I know you're perfectly swell, that My Hear Belongs To Daddy, 'cause my daddy, he treats it so well.
James R. Murray - Away In A Manger.xml
Away in a manger, No crib for a bed, The little Lord Jesus Laid down His sweet head; The stars in the sky looked down where He lay, The little Lord Jesus asleep on the hay.
George Frideric Handel - Hallelujah Chorus.xml
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah. For the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth; Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah! For the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth. Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah. For the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth; For the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth. The Kingdom of this world is be come the Kingdom ot our Lord and of His Christ, and of His Christ; and He shall reign forever and ever, and He shall reign forever and ever, and He shall reign for ever and ever, and He shall reign for ever and ev.er. King of Kings, forever and ever, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, and Lord of Lords for ever and ever, Hallelujah, Halle lujah! King of Kings, forever and ever, Hallelujah, Hallelujah! And Lord of Lords, for ever and ever, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, King of kings, for ever and ever Hallelujah, Halle lujah, and Lord of Lords, King of Kings and Lord of Lords; and He shall reign for ever and ever, King of Kings, and Lord of Lords, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah!
Al Jacobs, Jimmie Crane - Ev 'ry Day Of My Life.xml
Ev'ry day of my life, I'll be in love with you, Ev'ry day of my life I promise I'll be true. I'll never make you cry, And as the years go by I'll always try to do what pleases you. Ev'ry day of my life I'll need you close to me, And if I have my way that's where you'll always be I'll prove how much I love you over and over again, Ev'ry moment I live, Ev'ry day of my life. Ev'ry day of my life.
Charles Aznavour, Herbert Kretzmer - She.xml
She may be the face I can't forget a trace of pleasure or regret may be my treasure or the price I have to pay She may be the song that summer sings may be the chill that autumn brings may be a hundred diff'rent things with in the measure of a day. She may be the beauty or the beast may be the famine or the feast may turn each day into a heaven or a hell She may be the mirror of my dream a smile re flected in a stream she may not be what she may seem inside her shell. She who always seems so happy in a crowd, whose eyes can be so private and so proud noone's allowed to see them when they cry. She may be the love that cannot hope to last may come to me from shadows of the past that I re member till the day I die. She may be the reason I survive the why and wherefor I'm alive the one I'll care for thru the rough and ready years Me I'll take her laughter and her tears and make them all my souvenirs for where she goes I've got to be the meaning of my life is she, she, mm she
Ralph Siegel & Ernst Neubach - In Heaven There Is No Beer.xml
In Heaven there is no beer that's why we drink it here and when we're gone from here well our friends will be drink ing all the beer. In Heaven there is no beer that's why we drink it here And when we're gone from here well our friends will be drinking all the beer In
Owl City - Fireflies.xml
You would not believe your eyes if ten million firelies lit up the world as I fell asleep 'cause they fill the open air and leave teardrops everywhere You'd think me rude, but I would stop and stare I'd like to make myself believe that panet earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems. 'Cause I get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs Asthey try to teach me how to dance. a foxtrot above my head a sock hop beneath my bed A disco ball is hanging by a thread.
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - Why Do I Love You?.xml
Why do I love you why do you love me why should there be two happy as we can you see the why or wherefore I should be the one you care for You're a lucky boy I am lucky too all our dreams of joy seem to come true may be that's because you love me maybe that's why I love you.
Kevin Cavanaugh - I BROKE MY ARM TO MEET YOU.xml
I was a cur i ous man and had to meet you so I got up the nerve and said "Hel lo" you told me Mon day night was the bowl ing sign up and that you'd be there and I should go I've be come a bowl ing fan but is there a nurse in the house? be cuz I BROKE MY ARM TO MEET YOU GLAD I DID HOW DO YOU LIKE ME NOW? BROKE MY ARM TO MEET YOU GLAD I DID HOW DO YOU LIKE ME NOW?  It was in the tenth frame of the sec ond game I rolled the ball and hit an oil patch and as it pulledme downthe lane in crept a ter ror in my brain I hear a hor ren dous crack and landed on my back BROKE MY ARM TO MEET YOU GLAD I DID HOW DO YOU LIKE ME NOW? BROKE MY ARM TO MEET YOU GLAD I DID HOW DO YOU LIKE ME NOW?
Leo Friedman, Beth Slater Whitson - Let Me Call You Sweetheart.xml.1
I am dreaming dear, of you, day by day. Dreaming when the skies are blue, When they're gray; When thc silv'ry moonlight gleams. Still I wander on in dreams In a land of love it seems Just with you. Let me call you swetheart I'm in love with you Let me hear you whisper that you love me too Keep the lovelight glowing in your eyes so true Let me call you sweetheart I'm in love with you. you.
Leonard Whitcup, Paul Cunningham - From The Vine Came The Grape.xml
From the vine came the grape, from the grape came the wine from the wind came a dream to a lover He was back with Marie on the Isle of Capri with a million stars shining above her Once again he romanced as they kissed and they danced and he even heard wedding bells chime From the vine came the grape, from the grape came the wind and for Tony a wonderful time
Eddie Espinoza 1982 - Change My Heart Oh God.xml
Change my Heart Oh God make it ev er true change my heart oh God may I be like you you are the pot ter I am the clay mold me and make me this is what I pray change my heart oh God make it ev er true change my heart oh God may i be like You may I be like you make it more like you make it more like you make it more like you
Eric Carmen, Sergei Rachmaninov - All By Myself.xml
When I was young I never needed anyone, and making love was just for fun. Those days are gone. Livin' alone, I think of all the friends I've known, but when I dial the telephone, nobody's home. All by myself, don't wanna be all by myself anymore. Hard to be sure, sometomes I feel so insecure, and love so distant and obscure, remains the cure. All by myself, don't wanna be all by myself anymore. When I was young I never needed anyone, and making love was just for fun. Those days are gone. All by myself, don't wanna be all by myself anymore. All by myself, don't wanna live, oh.
Billy Joel - Honesty.xml
If you search for tenderness it isn't hard to find. You can have the love you need to live. & if you look for truthfulness You might just as well be blind. It always seems to be so hard to give. Honesty is such a lonely word. Ev'ryone is so untrue. Honesty is hardly ever heard. But mostly what I need from you. I can always find someone to say they sympathize. If I wear my heart out on my sleeve. But I don't want some pretty face to tell me pretty lies. All I want is someone to believe. I can find a lover. I can find a friend. I can have security until the bitter end. Anyone can comfort me with promises again. I know, I know. When I'm deep inside of me don't be too concerned. I won't ask for nothin' while I'm gone. But when I want sincerity tell me where else can I turn? Cause you're the one that I depend upon.
Traditional - My Bonnie.xml.1
My bonnie is over the ocean, my bonnie is over the sea, my bonnie is over the ocean, o bring back my bonnie to me. Bring back, bring back, o bring back my bonnie to me to me. Bring back, bring back, o bring back my bonnie to me to me.
George Harrison - Something.xml
Somethingin the way she moves attracts me like no other lover. Something in the way she woos me I don't want to leave her now, you know I belirve and how You're asking me will my love grow. I don't know I don't know. You stick around now, it may show, I don't know I don't know. Something in the way she knows, and all I have to do is think of her. Something in the things she shows me I don't want to leave her now, you know I believe, and how.
Eagle-Eye Cherry - Save Tonight.xml
(Go on and) close the cur tains cause all we need is cand le light you and me and a bott le of wine gon na hold you to night Well, we know I'm go ing a way and how I wish I Wish it were'nt so. So take this wine and drink with me Let's de lay our mi se ry Save to night and fight the break of dawn come to mor row to mor row I'll be gone, save to night and fight the break of dawn come_ to mor row to mor row I'll be gone There's a mor row I'll be gone To mor row comes to take me a way I Wish that I that I could stay girl you know I've got to go Lord, I Wish it was n't so Save to
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Soon.xml
Soon, the lonely nights will be ended, soon, two hearts as one will be blended. I've found the happiness I've waited for; the only girl that I was fated for. Oh, soon a little cottage will find us safe, with all our cares far behind us. The day you're mine this world will be in tune. Let's make that day come soon. Soon, my dear, you'll never be lonely, soon, you'll find I live for you only. When I'm with you who cares what time it is, or what the place or what the climate is? Oh! soon our little ship will come sailing home through ev'ry storm, never failing The day you're mine the world will be in tune. Let's make that day come soon.
Elvis Costello - ALMOST BLUE.xml
AL MOST BLUE al most do ing things we used to do there's a girl here and she's al most you al most all the things that your eyes once prom ised I see in hers too now your eyes are red from cry ing. AL MOST BLUE Flirt ing with this dis as ter be came me It named me as the fool who on ly aimed to be. AL MOST BLUE its al most touch ing it will al most do. There's a part of me that's: al ways true al ways Not all good things come to at end now, it is on ly a chos en few: I have seen such an un hap py coup le AL MOST ME AL MOST YOU AL MOST BLUE
Tony Hatch - I Know A Place.xml
Evry day when the word is behind you and the shop and the store put the lock on the door just get away where your worries wont find you if you like well I'll tell you more Dont let the day get the better of you when the ev'ning comes there's so much to do you better put on your best and wear a smile just come along with me awhile cause I tell you I know a place where the music is fine and the lights are always low I know a place where we can go go I know a place where we can go.
Stephan Weiss and Paul Mann, Ruth Lowe  - Put Your Dreams Away.xml
Dreams are made of memories, some old, some new. They are lovely memories, but do they come true? Put your dreams away for another day and I will take their place in your heart. Wishing on a star never got you far and so it's time to make a new start. When your dreams at night fade before you, then I'll have the right to adore you. Let your kiss confess this is happiness, darling, and put all your dreams away. Put your way.
John Frederick Coots, Nick Kenny, Charles Kenny - Love Letters In The Sand.xml
The sunbeams kissed the sands my fate was in your hands the day I met you dear and though I find you've gone Your mem'ry lingers on I can't forget you dear On a day like today we passed the time away writing love letters in the sand how you laughed when I cried each time I saw the tide take our loveletters in the sand. you made a vow that you would always be true but somehow that vow meant nothing to you now my poor heart just aches with ev'ry wave it breaks over love letters in the sand. on a sand.
Rube Bloom, Sammy Gallop - Maybe You'll Be There.xml
I found you, then I lost you somehow, things haven't been the same since then. I found you, then I lost you and now, I've just got to find you again. Each time I see a crowd of people, Just like a fool I stop and stare.; It's really not the proper thing to do, But maybe you'll be there. I go out walking after midnite along the busy thorofare. It's not the time or place to look for you, But maybe you'll be there. You said your arms would always hold me, You said your lips are mine alone to kiss, now after all those things you've told me, how can it end like this. Someday if all my prayers are answered, I'll hear a footstep on the stair. With anxious heart I'll hurry to the door, And maybe you'll be there. there.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Who Cares.xml
Who cares if the sky cares to fall in the sea? Who cares how history rates me? Long as your kiss intoxicates me! Why should I care? Life is one long jubilee. So long as I care for you And you care for me. Who me.
Neil Sedaka, Howard Greenfield - Stupid Cupid.xml
Stupid Cupid you're a real mean guy I'd like to clip your wings so you can't fly I'm in love and its a cryin shame and I know that you're the one to blame Hey, hey set me free Stupid Cupid stop pickin on me I can't do my home work and I can't think straight I meet him evry mornin bout a half past eight I'm actin like a lovesick fool you even got me carry in his books to school Hey hey set me free Stupid Cupid stop pickin on me you mixed me up but good right from the very start Hey go play Robin Hood with somebody else's heart You got me jumpin like a crazy clown I don't feature what you're puttin down since I kissed his lovin lips of wine the thing that bothers me is that I like it fine Hey Hey set me free Stupid Cupid stop pickin on me pickin on me
Hoagy Carmichael - Rockin' Chair.xml.2
Old Rockin' Chair's got me, Cane by my side. Fetch me that gin, son, 'fore I tan your hide. Can't get from this cabin, goin' nowhere; Just sit me here grabbin' at the flies 'round this rockin' chair. My dear old Aunt Harriet, In heaven she be, Send me sweet chari ot, For the end of the trouble I see. Old rockin chair gets it, Judgment day is here, chained to my Rockin' Chair.
Lew Douglas, Frank Lavere, Roy Rodde - Have You Heard.xml
Have you heard? Who's kissing her now, Do you think she's blue Did she say we're thru, Has she found someone new? Have you seen The way she looks now, Does she act the same when she hears my name, Does she say who's to blame? My arms are empty my nights are long and lonely, I miss her so. Each new tomorrow, can only bring me sorrow, I love her so. Have you heard? of their wedding day Rumors come and go still I'd like to know, if it's true, won't you tell me have you heard? heard?
Sacha Distel, Jack Reardon - The Good Life.xml
Oh, the good life full of fun seems to be the ideal Yes, the good life lets you hide all the sadness you feel, You won't really fall in love for you can't take the chance So be honest with yourself don't try to fake romance. It's the  good life to be free and explore the unknown Like the heartaches when you learn you must face then alone Please remember I still love you, and in case you didn't know, well, just wake up, kiss the goodlife hello oh, the lo.
John Michael O'Leary, Charles Eakins - Moonlight and Wine (bossa).xml
Moonlight and wine, Night so enchanting; Dancing with you under the sky. Moonlight and wine, sweet the decanting: You Take my heart higher than high. In your bouquet I find the fragrance of eDen; in your embrace Heaven is mine. Give me your lips, one kiss is all I am needing: we may taste paradise in moonlight and wine. I Feel your sighs, Soft as a whisper, I look in your eyes, they seem to say: moonlight and wine, stay in my arms, dear, forever, or until the stars have melted away. Moonlight and wine stay in my arms, dear, forever, or until the stars have melted away. away.
Gary Klein, Hank Hoffman - Bobby's Girl.xml
When people ask of me What would you like to be now that you're not a kid anymore Then in my heart I pray there soon will come a day That I will find what I'm looking for I wanna be Bobbys girl, I wanna be Bobbys girl thats the most important thing to me amd if I was Bob bys girl and if I was Bob bys girl What a faithful thankful girl I'd be. What a faithful thankful girl I'd be.
Marvin Hamlisch, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - The Way We Were.xml.1
Mem'ries light the corners of my mind. Misty water colored mem'ries, of the way we were. Scattered pictures, of the smiles we left behind, smiles we gave to one another, for the way we were. Can it be that it was all so simple then, or has time rewritten ev'ry line? If we had the chance to do it all again, tell me would we could we? Mem'ries may be beautiful and yet, whats too painful to remember, we simply choose to for get. So it's the laughter, we will remember, whenever we remember the way we were. The way we were.
Bon Jovi - Always.xml
This Romeo is bleeding, but you can't seehis blood. It's nothing but some feelings that this olddog kicked up.It's been raining since you left me, now I'm drowning in the flood.You see, I've always been a fighter but withoutyou, I give up.Now I can't sing a love song like the way it's meant to be.Well, I guess I'm not that good any more, but, baby, that's just me.Yeah, I will loveyou, babyalways. And I'll be thereforever anda day,always. I'll be there 'til the stars don't shine, 'til the heavens burst and the words don't rhyme. I know when I die you'll be on my mind and I'll love you, always. Now your pictures that you left behind are just memories of a diff'rent life. Some that made us laugh some that made us cry, one that made you have to say goodbye. What I'd give to run my fingers through you hair, touch your lips to holdyou near. When you say your prayers try to understand, I've made mis takes. I'm just a man. When he holds you close, when he pulls you near, when he says the words you've been needing to hear, I'll wish I was him 'cause those words are mine to say to you 'til the end of time. Yeah, I will loveyou baby always. And I'll be thereforever anda day,always. If you told me to cryfor you, I could. If you told me to diefor you I would.Take a look at my face. There's no price I won't pay to say these wordsto you.Well, there ain't no luck in these loaded dice, but, baby if you'd give me just one more try we can pack up our old dreams and our old lives. We'll find a place where the sun still shines, yeah.ways. I'll be there 'til the stars don't shine, 'til the heavens burst and the words don't rhyme. I know when I die you'll be on my mind and I'll love you, always.
Bill Danoff, Taffy Niveert - Friends with you.xml
What a friend we have in time gives us children makes us wine tells us what to take or leave behind and the gifts of growing old are the storiesto be told of the feelings more precious than gold Friends I will remember you think of you pray for you and when another day is through I'll still be friends with you Baby'sdays are never long Mothers laugh is baby's song gives us all the hope to carry on still be friends with you Friends I will remember you think of you pray for you and when another day is through I'll still be friends with you
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - It might as well be Spring.xml
I'm as restless as a willow in a windstorm I'm as jumpy as a puppet on a string I'd say that I had spring fever but I know it isnt spring I'm as starry eyed and vaguely discontented like a nightingale without a song to sing Oh why should I have spring fever when it isnt even spring I keep wishing I were somewhere else, walking down a strange new street hearing words that I have never heard from a man I've yet to meet I'm as busy as a spider spinning day dreams I'm as giddy as a baby on a swing I havent seem a crocus or a rose bud or a robin on the wing But I feel so gay in a melancholy way that it might as well be spring it might as well be spring
Peter Ham and Tom Evans - Without You.xml
Well I can't forget this eveningAnd your face when you were leaving But I guess that's just the way the story goesYou always smile but in your eyes your sorrow shows Yes it shows Well I can't forget tomorrow When I think about my sorrow I had you there and then I let you go And now it's only fair that I should let you know what you should know I can't live if living is without you I can't live I can't live any more I can't live if living is without you I can't liveI can't live any more I can't
Jan Erik Massey, Jan Erik Maasey - Chinese.xml
Evrywhere I go Nobody friendly I only want a warm Spot to rest for the Day I only want a warm Spot to rest for the Day
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - Only Love Can Break A Heart.xml
Last night I hurt you, but darling, remember this, Only Love Can Break A Heart. Only love can mend it again. You know I'm sorry, I'll prove it with just one kiss. Only Love Can Break A Heart. Only love can mend it again. Give me a chance to make up for the harm I've done. Try to forgive me and let's keep the two of us one! Please let me hold you and love you for always and always. Only love can break a heart, only love can mend it again.
Sammy Fain, Lew Brown - That old feeling.xml
I sawyou last night and got that old feeling.When you came in sight I got that old feeling The moment that you danced by I felt a thrill. And when you caught my eye my heart stood still Once again I seemed to get that old yearning, and I knew the spark of love was still burning There'll be no new romance for me, it's foolish to start. For that old feeling is still in my heart. heart.
Frank Loesser - On A Slow Boat To China.xml
I'd like to get you on a slow boat to China all to myself alone get you and keep you in my arms evermore. Leave all your lovers weeping on the faraway shore Out on the briny with a moon big and shinymelting your heart of stone I'd love to get you on a slow boat to China all to myself alone,
Irving Berlin - Let's Take An Old Fashioned Walk.xml
Let's take an old fashioned walk. I'm just bursting with talk. What a tald could be told if we went for and old fashioned walk. Let's take a stroll thru the park, Down a lane where it's dark and a heart that's control'd can relax on an old fashioned walk. I know for a couple who seem to be miles apart, there's nothing like walking and having a "heart to heart." I know a girl who declined. couldn't make up her mind. she was wrapped up and sold coming home from an old fashioned walk walk.
Dick Charles, Larry Markes - Mad About Him, Sad Without Him, .xml
I went to bed last evenin', feelin' blue as I could be. I couldn't sleep last evenin', with what was worryin' me. Oh, the tears I've wasted would surely fill the deep blue sea. I've got those cry about him, die without him, Lordy where am I without him blues. He keeps me walkin' on the floor, and like a fool I ask for more. Although I know he isn't good, I wouldn't leave him if I could, ah no! I'm not the first on his list, I'd never be missed, I wish I had a dime for ev'ry gal he's kissed; I swear I'd be a millionaire. And yet I wouldn't care, as long as I could get my share. I've got those mad about him, sad without him, how can I be glad without him, blues He makes my dreams go up in smoke, and then he treats it like a joke. He's just an orn'ry sort of guy, and yet I'll love him till I die, poor me! I went to love him till I die, poor me!
Frank Loesser, Jimmy McHugh - Say It Over And Over Again.xml
Say it over andver again, Overand oer again, Never stop saying your mine. Say it ever and ever so sweet, Ever and ever so sweet, Just like an old valentine. When you say, "I love you", the sam old "I love you" they whisper in stories and plays, You can change "I love you" the same old "I love you" To oh! such a heavenly phrase. So say it softly and gently and then Over and over again, Never stop saying you're mine.
Phil Myers - The Only One.xml
Hair and eyes and lips and skin Kisses that still make me spin Feels like it was yesterday Only you thrilled me this way. Only you know how I feel, make me laugh (and) help me heal You're the perfect fit for me, Glove and hand (and) lock and key. Friends say come find someone new, You'll meet others who would do. I say go look when you can I will keep my solo plan. I could never find another you, even if I really wanted to. I bet all my chips that you'll be free You are still the only one for me. Hair and eyes and lips and skin kisses that still make me spin I don't know if you'll be free, but you're the only one for me.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Edelweiss.xml
Ei del weiss Eidelweiss ev ry morn ing you greet me small and white clean and bright you look hap py to meet me Blos som of snow may you bloom and grow bloom and grow for ev er Ei del weiss Ei delweiss bless my homeland for ever.
Allie Wrubel, Herb Magidson - I'm Stepping Out With A Memory Tonight.xml
I'm Stepping out With a memory tonight, to paint the town the way we used to do, I'll dine at the old cafe, where we had so much fun, and order cocktails for two instead of the usual one. Then after dark in a hansom thru' the park, while reminiscing I'll be kissing you. A lot of folks may think that I'm crazy, well, maybe they're right, but, I'm stepping out with a memory tonight.
Eddy Arnold, Hal Horton, Tommy Dilbeck - I'll Hold You In My Heart.xml
I'll hold you in my heart, till I can hold you in my arms, like you've never been held before. I'll think of you each day, and that I'll dream the night away. Till you are in my arms once more. The stars up in the sky know the reason why, I feel so blue when I'm away from you. I'll hold you in my heart 'til I can hold you in my arms so, darling, please wait for me. I'll me.
Duke Ellington - Mood Indigo.xml
You ain't been blue, No, no, no, You ain't been blue till you've had that mood indigo That feelin' goes stealin' down to my shoes, While I sit and sigh: "Go 'long blues." Always get that mood indigo since my baby said goodbye. In the evening when lights are low, I'm so lonesome I could cry. 'Cause there's nobody who cares about me, I'm just a soul who's bluer than blue can be. When I get that mood indigo, I could lay me down and die.
Irving  Berlin - Happy Holiday.xml
Happy Holiday, happy holiday while the merry bells keep ringing, may your ev'ry wish come true. Happy holiday, happy holiday, May the calendar keep bringing happy holidays to you. Happy holiday happy holiday, while the merry bells keep ringing, may your ev'ry wish come true. Happy holiday, happy holiday, May the calendar keep bringing happy holidays to you.
Slim Willet - Don't Let The Stars Get In Your Eyes.xml
Dont let the stars get in your eyes, dont let the moon break your heart love blooms at night in daylight it dies dont let the stars get in your eyes oh keep your heart for me for someday I'll return and you know you're the on ly one I'll ev er love. too many nights too many stars too many moons could change your mind if I'm gone too long dont forget where you belong when the stars come out remember you are mine dont let the
Neil Young - Heart of Gold (Transcribed).xml
I want to live, I want to give I've been a miner for a heart of gold. It's these expressions I never give that keep me searching for a heart of gold and I'm getting old. Keep me searching for a heart of gold and I'm getting old. I've been to Hollywood. I've been to Redwood I crossed the ocean for a heart of gold. I've been in my mind, it's such a fine line that keeps me searching for a heart of goldand I'm getting old. Keep me searching for a heart of gold and I'm getting old. Keep me searching for a heart of gold. You keep me searching and I'm growing old. Been a miner for a heart of gold. Keep me searing for a heart of gold
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - The Sound of Music.xml
The hills are alive with the sound of music with songs they have sung for a thousand years the hills fill my heart with the sound of music my heart wants to sing evry song it hears. my heart wants to beat like the wings of the birds that rise from the lake to the trees. My heart wants to sigh like a chime that files from a church on a breeze to laugh like a brook when it trips and falls over stones on its way to sing through the night like a lark who is learning to pray I go to the hills when my heart is lonely I know I will hear what I've heard before my heart will be blessed with the sound of music and I'll sing once more.
Ernie Burnett, George A Norton - My Melancholy Baby.xml
Come sweetheart mine don't sit and pine tell me of the cares that make you feel so blue what have I done? answer me hon have I ever said an unkind word to you? my love is true and just for you I'd do almost anything at any time dear when you sigh or when you cry something seems to grip this very heart of mine Birds in the trees whispering breeze should not fail to lull you into peaceful dreams so tell me why sadly you sigh sitting at the window where the pale moon beams you shouldntgrieve try and believe life is always sunshine when the heart beats true Be of good cheer smile through your tears when you're sad it makes me feel the same as you Come to me my melancholy baby cuddle up and don't be blue all your fears are foolish fancy maybe you know dear that I'm in love with you evry cloud must have a silver lining wait until the sun shines through Smile my honey dear while I kiss away each tear or else I shall be melancholy too. Now won't you too
J C Fogerty - Bad Moon Rising.xml
I see a bad moon arising I see trouble on the way. I see earth quakes and lightnin. I see bad times today Don't go 'round tonight it's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the rise I hear huricanes ablowing. I know the end is coming soon. I fear rivers overflow ing. I hear the voice of rage and ruin. Hope you got your things together. Hope you are quite prepared to die. Looks like we're in for nasty weather. One eye is taken for an eye.
Max Martin - ... Baby One More time.xml
Oh, ba by, baby. Oh, ba by, ba by, how was I sup posed to know that some thing was n't right here? Oh, ba by, ba by, I should n't have let you go. And now you're out of sight, yeah. Show me how you want it to be. Tell me, ba by, 'cause I need to know now. Oh, be cause my lone Ii ness is kill ing me, and I, must con fess I still be lieve (still be lieve) that when I'm not with you I lose my mind. Give me a sign. Hit me, ba by, one more time. Oh, baby, baby, the reason I breathe is you. Boy, you've got me blinded. Oh, pretty baby, there's nothing that I wouldn't do. It's not the way I planned it. Hit me, ba by, one more time. Oh, ba by, ba by. Oh, ba by, ba by. Oh, ba by, ba by, how was I sup posed to know? Oh, pret ty ba by, I should n't have let you go. I must con fess that my lone Ii ness is kill ing me now. Don't you know I still be Iieve that you will be here and give me a sign. Hit me, ba by, one more time.
Billy Strayhorn - My Little Brown Book.xml
My little brown book with the silver binding, how it keeps reminding me of a memory that's hauntng me. In some quiet nook, I go through it's pages and peruse yhis ageless tale of a love hat failed to ever become true. On this page is the date of that fateful night at eight whien I found you were no longer in love. After that there's nothing more, just a dark and furtile door that shuts out the stars above. In my little book I inscribed your hear vow, but since we're apart now this and that last sweet kiss I all that's left of you; Is all that's left of you.
Herbert Ingraham, Edgar Selden - All That I Ask Of You Is Love.xml
All that I ask is love, All that I want is you; And I swear by all the stars, I'll be forever true. All that I seek to know, All that I want above, All that I crave in this wide, wide world, All that I ask of you is love.
Lucky Roberts, Kim Gannon - Moonlight Cocktail.xml
Coupl'a jiggers of moonlight and add a star, Pour in the blue of a June night and one guitar, mix in a coupl'a dreamers and there you are, lovers hail the moonlight cocktail. Now add a coupl'a flowers, a drop of dew, stir for a coupl'a hours till dreams come true, as to the number of kisses, it's up to you, Moonlight cocktails need a few. Cool it in the summer breeze, serve it in the starlight underneath the trees.  You'll  discover tricks like these  are sure to make your moonlight cocktail please. Follow the simple diections and they will bring, life of another complexion, where you'll be king. You will awake in the morning and star to sing. Moonlight Cocktails are the thing.
Max Steiner, Mack Discant - A Summer Place.xml
There's a summer place where it may rain or storm yet I'm safe and warm for with in that summer place your arms reach out to me and my heart is free from all there are no gloomy skies when seen through the eyes of those who are blessed with love and the sweet secret of a summer place is that it's anywhere when two peopple share all their hopes all their dreams all their love
Traditional Irish Carol - Wexford Carol.xml
Good people all this Chtristmas time, Consider well and bear in mind, What our good God for us has done, in sending His beloved Son. With Mary   holy we should pray to God with love this Christmas Day; In  Bethlehem upon that morn, There was a blessed Messiah born.
Billy Taylor, Dick Dallas - I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel To Be Free.xml
I wish I knew how it would feel to be free. I wish I could break all these chains holding me. I wish I could say all the things I should say; Say 'em loud, say 'em clear for the whole world to hear. I wish I could be like a bird in the sky. How sweet it would be if I found I could fly. I'd soar to the sun and look down at the sea. Then I'd sing 'cause I know how it feels to be free. I free.
Tommy Roe - Sheila.xml
Sweet little Sheila you'll know her if you see her blue eyes and a pony tail her cheeks are rosy she looks a little nosy Man this little girl is fine Never knew a girl like a little Sheila her name drives me insane sweet little girl that's my little Sheila man this little girl is fine Me and Sheila go for a ride oh oh oh oh I feel a funny inside then little Sheila whispers in my ear Oh oh oh oh I love you Sheila dear Sheila said she loved me she said she'd nev er leave me true love will never die we're so doggone happy just bein' around together man this little girl is fine
Joe Sherman, Noel Sherman - Graduation Day.xml
It'a a time for joy, a time for tears, a time we'll treasure thru the years. We'll remember always gradu ation day. at thw senior prom, we danced till three, and then you gave your heart to me. We'll remember always, graduation day. Tho' we leave in sorrow all the joys we've known, We can face tomorrow knowing we'll never walk alone. When the Ivy walls are far behind, no matter where our path may wind, we'll remember always graduation day. it's a day.
Terry Gilkyson - Tell Me A Story.xml
Oh wor ry worry weary ends my day comes the time to go home without my raise in pay home by the fire where a man can just relax Slippers there by the chair not a worry not a care a long come junior swinging his little axe Tell me a story tell me a storytell me a stry remember what you said tell me about the birds and bees how do you make a chicken sneeze tell me a story then I'll go to bed Came home so late one evening last July played a little poker the time has passed me by shoes in my hand and my darlin wife in bed up the stairs sayin a prayer then a voice comes thru the air Hi ya there daddy re mem ber what you said? tell me how your eye got black because the doorway hit you back
Jan Van Laar - The windmills turning.xml
I know a spot where first we met Twas by an old mill stream it was a place I cant forget where once we used to dream I found her in the twilight there in days that used to be I see the sunshine in her hair It brings a memory. The windmills turningMyheart is yearning in dreams I'm bringing to you love's sweet refrain Church bells are ringing the birds are singing and in my heart dear, I know we'll meet again/ The wind millsgain.
Harold Courlander, El Thea, John Benson Brooks - Where Flamingoes Fly.xml
Walk the waterfront hear the seagulls cry. Watch that boat take my baby far away where flamingoes fly. Said he'd send for me If he don't I'll die. Thousand miles to my babby to the place where flamingoes fly. "You broke the law." they told him. "Gotta have passport to stay. You're shippin' back to the is lands on a freighter that's leavin' to day. Now my babby's gone. Hear the water sigh. Took my heart along with him to the place where flamingoes fly.
John Du Prez, Eric Idle - THE SONG THAT GOES LIKE THIS.xml
Once in ev'ry show there comes a song like this. It starts off soft and low, and ends up with a kiss. Oh, where is the song that goes like this? (where is it? where? where?) A sentimental song that casts a magic spell. They all will hum along. We'll overact like hell. Oh, this is the song that goes like this. (yes it is! yes it is! yes it is! yes it is!) Now we can go straight into the middle eight, a bridge that is too far for me. I'll sing it in your face, while we both embrace, and then we change the key! Now we're into E. That's awfully high for me, But ev'ry one can see we should have stayed in D. For this is our song that goes like this. I"m feeling very proud You're singing far too loud. That's the way that this song goes. You're standing on my toes. Singing our song that goes like this. I can't believe there's more. It's far too long I'm sure. That's the trouble with this song, it goes on and on and on. For this is our song that is too long. (Jesus Christ! God damn it!) We'll be singing this 'till dawn. You'll wish that you weren't born Let's stop this damn refrain, before we go insane. The song always ends like this
Josef Myrow, Kim Gannon - Autumn Nocturne.xml
When Autumn sings her lullaby And green leaves turn to gold, Then I remember last September you and I said goodbye, whispering that we would be returning when Autumn came again. Now Autumn roams the hills once more But youn forgot you vow And here I am alone with only memories, Only lonely memories, Autumn memories of you. Love, when the leaves are turning I get a hungry yearning for your arms. Love, when a heart is sober it shadows bright October's golden charms. The flaming moon remind me of the night of love that we once knew. Each tiny star is but a pray'r that when it's fall again love will call again and you'll be beside me to make my Autumn dreams come true. true.
Phil Hanseroth - The Story.xml
All of these lines across my face tell you the story of who I am. So many stories to where I've been and how I got to where I am. But these stories don't mean anything when you've got no one to tell them to It's true I was made for you. I climbed across the mountain tops Swam all across the ocean blue. I crossed all the lines and I broke all the rules. but Baby I broke them all for you. Because even when I was flat broke, you made me feel like a million bucks you do. I was made for you. You see that smile
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - I Got Plenty o' Nuttin'.xml
I got plenty o' nuttin' and nuttin´s plenty for me. Oh, got no car, got no mule, got no misery. The folks with plenty o' nuttin´ they gotta lock on the door. Oh, ´fraid somebody going to rob ´em while there's outa making more, what for? I got no lock on the door, that's no way to be. They can steal the rug from the floor, that's okay with me, 'cause the things that I'll prize like the stars in the sky's all are free. I got plenty o' nuttin' and nuttin's plenty for me. Oh, got my girl, got my song, got heaven the whole day long. Got my girl. Got my song. Got my lord. Got my song.
Jules Styne, Sammy Cahn - Time After Time.xml
Time after time I tell myself that I'm so lucky to be loving you. So lucky to be the one you run to see, In the eve'ning when the day is through I only know what i know the passing year will show. You've kept my love so young s new And time after time You'll hear me say that I'm so lucky to be loving you.
Little, Shay, Sizemore - I Like Pie I Like Cake.xml
pie I like cake I like anything you bake I like your crackers too crumbled up in chick en stew When I see your jelly roll then I lose my self control but of all these things I like you best of all yeah yeah I like
Jimmy Crane. Al Jacobs, Jimmy Brewster - If I give my heart to you.xml
If I give my heart to you will you handle it with care? will you always treat me tenderly and in evry way be fair? if i give my heart to you will you give me all your love? will you swear that you'll be true to me by the light that shines a bove? and will you sigh with me when I'm sad smile with me when I'm glad and always be as you are with me tonight think it over and be sure please dont answer til you do When you promise all these things to me then I'll give my heart to you.
Lionel Bart - From Russia With Love .xml
From Russia with love I fly to you, Much wiser since my goodbye to you. I've travelled the world to learn, I must return from Russia with love. I've seen places, faces and smiled for a moment, But, oh, you haunted me so. Still my tongue tied young pride, Would not let my love for you show In case you'd say no. To Russia I flew but there and then, I suddenly knew you'd care again. My runinig around is through, I fly to you from Tussia with love. From love.
Neil Diamond - Longfellow Serenade.xml
Longfellow serenade such were the plans I'd made for she was a lady and I was a dreamer with only word to trade You know that I was born for a night like this warmed by a stolen kiss for I was lonely and she was lonely Ride come on baby ride let me make your dreams come true I'll sing my song let me sing my song let me make it warm for you I'll weave his web of rhyme upon the summer night we'll leave this worldly time on his winged flight then come and as we lay be side this sleepyglade There I will sing to you my Longfellow serenade Longfellow serenade such were the plans I made but she was a lady as deep as the river and through the night we stayed and in my way I loved her as non before loved her with words and more for she was lonely and I was lonely
Roger Nichols, Paul Williams - Rainy Days And Mondays.xml
....Talkin' to myself and feelin' old, Sometimes I'd like to quit nothing ever seems to fit, Hangin' around nothing to do but frown; Rainy days and Mondays always get me down ....What I've got they used to call the blues, Nothing is really wrong, feelin' like I don't belong. Walkin' around somekind of lonely clown; Rainy days and Mondays always get me down. Funny but it seems I always wind up here with you, nice to know somebody loves me. Funny but it seems that it's the only thing to do, run and find the one who loves me. ....What I feel has come and gone before, No need to talk it out, we know what it's all about. Hangin' around nothing to do but frown; Rainy days and Mondays al ways get me down.
Peter Seeger - Where Have All The Flowers Gone?.xml
Where have all the flowers gone? Long time passing. Where have all the flowers gone? Long time ago. Where have all the flowers gone? The girls have picked them ev'ry one. Oh, when will you ever learn? Oh, when will you ever learn?
Phil Myers - One Sweet Kiss.xml
Come on in, the water's fine, feels like silk, and tastes like wine. I don't know, those rocks look steep, dang'rous to get in too deep. Take your time, I'll hold your hand, ease on in, I'll understand. I've been hurt too much before, so... I just can't. One sweet kiss, one sweet kiss. One sweet kiss will settle this. We could be a perfect match, you would be my special catch. You do seem right and treat me nice, I'll think it o ver once or twice. We could be so good as one, so much love, and so much fun. There's a possibility. but... I just can't. Let's get cofee see a show, gradually our love will grow. I'm so busy, schedule's full, even though I feel a pull. Once you listen to your heart, it gets easier to start. Maybe I'll get back to you but... not just yet. Walking on the moonlit beach, happiness within our reach. Looking at our lucky stars, Venus in a dance with Mars. Two hearts somehow find a way, better than our words can say. Breezes whisper in the night, the time is right.
Roy Orbison, Joe Melson - Crying.xml
I was all right for a while I could smile for a while but I saw you last night you held my hand real tight as you stopped to say "hello" oh you wished me well you couldn't tell that I'd been crying over you crying over you when you said "so long" left me standing all alone alone and crying crying crying crying it's hard to understand but the touch of your hand can start me crying I thought that I was over you but it's true oh so true I love you even more than I did before but darling what can I do? for you don't love me and I'll always be crying over you crying over you yes now you're gone and from this moment on I'll be crying crying crying crying crying
(unknown) Maranatha Music Arrangement: Larry Johnson 2011 - In His Time.xml
in his time in his time he makes all things beau ti full in his time Lord please show me ev ery day as you're teach ing me your way that you do just what you say in your time In Your time in Your time You make all things beau ti full in Your time Lord my life to you I bring may each song I have to sing be to you a love ly thing in your time
Fred E. Ahlert, Edgar Leslie - The Moon Was Yellow.xml
The moon was yellow, and the night was young. A smile brought us together, and I was wond'ring whether we'd meet again some day. The moon was yellow, and a song was sung. That vocal inspira tion gave me the inclination, to give my heart away! Here we are! Is our romance to continue? Will it be my luck to win you? May I look that far? Ah! my love is mellow and my hopes are strung around that Cupid fellow, Behold! the moon is yellow, and the night is young! young!
Jack Lawrence & Richard Myers - Hold My Hand.xml
So this is the kingdom of heaven, so this is the sweet promised land. While angels tell of love don't break the spell of love, Hold My hand. So this is the garden of Eden, in dreams it was never so grand. Let's never leave again, Adam and Eve again, Hold My Hand. This is the secret of what bliss is, For bliss is what your kiss is. At last I understand! So this is the kingdom of heaven and here on the threshold we stand, Pass through the portal now, we'll be immortal now. HOLD MY HAND.
William & Gloria Gaither 1972 - Let's Just Praise the Lord.xml
we thank you for your kind ness we thank you for your love we've been in hea venly plac es felt bles sings from a bove we've been shar ing all the good things the family can af ford let's just turn our praise towanrd hea ven and praise the Lord Let's just praise the Lord praise the Lord let's just lift our hands to heav en and praise the Lord let's just praise the Lord praise the Lord lets jut lift our hand to hea ven and praise the Lord Just the pre cious name of Je sus is wor thy of our praise let us bow our knee be fore Him our hands to heav en raise when He comes in clouds of gl o ry with Him to ev er reign Let's lift our hap py voi ces and praie His dear name Let's just praise the Lord praise the Lord let's just lift our hands to heav en and praise the Lord let's just praise the Lord praise the Lord lets jut lift our hand to hea ven and praise the Lord
Robin Gibb, Barry Gibb - Woman In Love.xml
Life is a moment in space. When the dream is gone it's a lonelier place. I kiss the morning goodbye, but, down inside you know we never know why. The road is narrow and long when eyes meet eyes and the feeling is strong. I turn away from the wall, I stumble and fall but I give you it all I am a woman in love and I'd do anything to get you into my world and hold you within. It's a right I defend over and over again. What do I do? With you eternally mine, in love there is no measure of time. We planned it all at the start, that you and I live in each others heart. We may be oceans away you feel my love I hear what you say. The truth is ever a lie I stumble and fall but I give you it all What do I do? I am a woman in love and I'm talkin' to you. I know how you feel, what a woman can do. It's a right I defend over and oer again. I am a woman in love and I'd do anything to get you into my world, and hold you within. It's a right I defend over and over again.
Lionel Newman, Dorcas Cochran - Again.xml
Again, This couldn't happen again, This is that once in a lifetime This is that thrill divine. What's more, This never happened before, Though I have prayed for a lifetime That such as you could suddenly be mine. Mine to hold as I'm holding you now, and yet, never so near, Mine to have when the now and the here disapear, What matters, dear, for when, This doesn't happen again We'll have this moment for ever, But, never, never again. Again.
George Frideric Handel, Nahun Tate - While Shepherds Watched Their Flocks By Night.xml
While shepherds watched their flocks by night, All seated on the ground, The angel of the Lord came down, An glory shone around, And glory shone around.
Stevie Wonder, Sylvia Moy, Henry Cosby - My Cherie Amour.xml
My Cherie Amour, lovely as a summer day, My Cherie Amour, distant as the Milky Way. My Cherie Amour, pretty little one that I adore, You're the only girl my heart beats for, hiw I wish that you were mine. In a cafe or sometimes on a crowded street, I've been near you but you never noticed me. My Cherie Amour, won't you tell me how could you ignore, that behind that little smile I wore, La la la la la la, la la la la la la. La la la someday you'll see my face among the crowd, maybe someday I'll share your little distant cloud. My Cherie Amour, pretty little one that I adore, You're the only girl my heart beats for,
Chauncey Olcott - My Wild Irish Rose.xml
My Wild Irish Rose, The sweetest flow'r that grows You may search ev'ry where, But none can compare With my Wild Irish Rose, My Wild Irish Rose,The dearest flow'r that grows, And some day for my sake, She may let me take The bloom from My Wild Irish Rose.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - The Story Of My Life.xml
Some day I'm going to write the story of my life I'll tell about the night we met and how my heart cant forget the way you smiled at me I want the world to know the story of my life the momment when your lips met mine and the first exciting time I held you close to me The sorrow when our love was breaking up the me'mry of a broken heart and later on the joy of making up never never more to part theres one thing I must do before the storys through I want to take you for my wife so the story of my life can start and end and start and end and start and end with you.
George Gershwin, DuBose Heyward - A Woman Is A Sometime Thing.xml
Listen to yo' daddy warn you, 'Fore you start a travelin' Woman may born you, love you and mourn you, But a woman is a sometime thing Yes, a woman is a sometime thing. Yo' Mammy is the first to name you, An' she'll tie you to her apron string. Then she'll shame you and she'll blame you till yo' woman comes to claim you 'Cause a woman is a sometime thing, Yes a woman is a sometime thing. Don't you never let a wo man grieve you Jus' 'cause she got yo' weddin' ring. She'll love you an' deceive you then she'll take yo' clo'es an' leave you. 'Cause a woman is a sometime thing Yes a woman is a sometime thing, Yes a woman is a sometime thing, Yes a woman is a sometime thing. Ah!
Bessie Smith - Baby Doll.xml
Honey there's a funny feeling 'round my heart, and it's bound to drive your mama wild. It must be something they call the Cuban Doll,it weren't your mama's angel child. I went to see the doctor the other day, he said l's well as well could be: But I said, "Doctor, you don't know really what's worry ing me._ I want to be somebody's baby doll, so I can get my loving all the time. I want to be somebody's baby doll, to ease my mind. He can be ugly, he can be black, so long as he can eagle rock and ball the Jack. I want to be somebody's baby doll, so I can get my lovin'_ all the time; I mean to get my lovin' all the time. Lord, I went to the gypsy to get my fortune told; She said "You in hard luck, Bessie, doggone your bad luck soul!" I want to be somebody's baby doll, so I can getmy lovin' all the time; I mean to get my lovin' all the time.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Should I.xml
Should I reveal exactly how I feel, Should I confess I love you. Should I recite beneath the pale moonlight, And swear by stars above you. Could I repeat the sweetest story told. Could I entreat, would it be too bold. Should I reveal exactly how I feel, Should I confess I love you. love you.
Traditional - My Bonnie.xml
My Bonnie lies over the ocean, My Bonnie lies over the sea, My Bonnie lies over the ocean, Oh bring back my Bonnie to me. Bring back, bring back, Oh bring back my Bonnie to mebring back, bring back, Oh bring back my Bonnie to me.
Dick Glasser - I Will.xml
I don't wanna be the one to say I'm gonna miss you, But I will, I will. I don't wanna say I'm gonna cry my eyes out, baby, But I will, I will. I'm not ashamed for you to know how much I really loved you so, 'cause it was such a thrill. And just remember when you're gone, there'll be that someone sad who loves you still. You will look at him and see me smiling back at you, I know you will, you will. You will find yourself repeating things we used to do, I know you will, you will. Don't wonder if you want to come back, Just come running home to me, and let me feel that thrill. 'Cause I'm the one who told you I would love you dear, forever, and I will, I will.
Tom Delaney - The Jazz-Me Blues.xml
Down in Lousiiana in that sunny clime, They play a class of music that is super fine And it makes no difference if it's rain or shine, you can hear that jazz band music playing all the time. It sounds so peculiar 'cause the music's queer. IHow it's sweet vibration seems to fill the air then to you the whole world seems to be in rhyme, you want nothing else but jazzband music all the time. Ev'ry one that's nigh never seems to sigh, hear them loudly cry Oh! Jazzman don't stop that music, it's jazzman, jazzman you know I want to hear it both day and night, and if you don't blow it hot then I don't feel right. Now if it's ragtime please sir will you play it in jazztime, jazztime. Don't want it fast, don't want it slow, take your time don't rush it play it sweet and low. I've got those doggone real jazzband jazzband "jazz me" blues.
Bobby Gosh - A Little Bit More.xml
When your body's had enough of me and I'm laying flat out on the floor; when you think I've loved you all I can, I'm gonna love you a little bit more. Come on over here and lay by my side; I've got to betouchin' you let me rub your tired shoulders the way I used to do Look into my eyes and give me that smile, the one that always turns me on and let me take your hair down 'cause we're stayin' up to greet the sun And when your body's had enough of me and I'm layin' flat out on the floor; when you think I've loved you all I can, I'm gonna love you a little bit more Got to say a few things that have been on my mind, and you know where my mind has been. I guess I learned a lesson and now's the time to beginSo if you're feeling allright and you're ready for me, I know that I'm ready for you.We better get it on now 'cause we got a whole life to live through. And when your body's had enough of me, and I'm laying flat out on the floor; when you think I've loved you all I can I'm gonna love you a little bit more When your
John Lennon, Yoko Ono - Happy Xmas.xml
So this is X mas and what have you done? Another year over, a new one just begun. And so this is Xmas; I hope you have fun, the near and the dear ones, the old and the young. A merry, merry Xmas and a happy new year. Let's hope it's a good one without anyy fear. A so this ia Xmas for weak and for strong. The rich and the poor ones, the road is so long. And so, happy Xmas for black and for white, for the yellow and red ones; let's stop all the fights. A merry, merry Xmas and a happy New Year. Let's hope it's a good one without any fear. An so this is Xmas and what have we done? Another year over, a new one just begun. And so happy Xmas; we hope you have fun, the near and the dear ones, the old and the young. fear. War is over if you want it; war is over now.
Unknown, Robert Burns - Comin' Through The Rye.xml
If a body meet a body comin' throught the rye If a body kiss a body need a body cry evry lassie has her laddie Nane they say ha'e I yet a' the lads they smile on me when comin' through the rye. If a body meet a body comin' frae the town If a body greet a body need a body frown Evry lassie has a laddie Nane they say hae I yet a' the lads they smile on me when comin' through the rye.
John Denver - Annie's Song.xml
You fill up my senses like a night in a forest Like the mountains in springtime like a walk in the rain, Like a storm in the desert like a sleepy blue ocean. You fill up my sensses come fill me again. Come let me love you, let me give my life to you, Let me drown in your laugh let me die in your arms. Let me lay down beside you, let me always be with you, Come let me love you, come love me again. You fill up my senses like a night in a forest Like the mountains in springtime like a walk in the rain. Like storm in the desert, like a sleepy blue ocean. You fill up my senses, come fill me again.
Katy Perry - Hot N Cold.xml
You change your mind Like a girl changes clothes Yeah you P M S Like a bitch I would know And you over think Always speak cryptically I should know That you're no good for me Cause you're hot then you're cold You're yes then you're no You're in then you're out You're up then you're down You're wrong when it's right It's black and it's white We fight we break up We kiss we make up You, you don't really wanna stay no but You, but you don't really wanna go o You're hot then you're cold You're yes then you're no You're in then you're out You're up then you're down We used to be Just like twins So insync The same energy Now's a dead battery Used laugh About nothing Now you're plain booring I should know That you're not gonna change Someone call the doctor Got a case of love bipolar Stuck on a rollercoaster I can't get off this ride... You change your mind Like a girl changes clothes Cause you're hot then you're cold You're yes then you're no You're in then you're out You're up then you're down You're wrong when it's right It's black and it's white We fight we break up We kiss we make up You're hot You, you don't really wanna stay no You, but you don't really wanna go o You're hot then you're cold You're yes then you're no You're in then you're out You're up then you're down
Traditional Irish - Killarney.xml
By Killarneys lakes and fells Emrald Isles and winding bays mountain paths and woodland dells Memry ev er fondly strays Bounteous nature loves all lands beauty wan ders ev ry where footprints leave on many strands but her home is surely there! angels fold their wings and rest in that Eden of the west beauty's home Killar ney heaven's reflex Killarney No place else can charm the eye with such bright and varied tints evry rock that you pass by verduere broiders or besprints virgin there the green grass grows evry morn Springs's na tal day Bright hued berries daff the snows Smiling winters frown a way angels often pausing there doubt if Eden were more fair beauty's home Killar ney heaven's reflex Killarney.
William & Gloria Gaither 1970 - Bethlehem . . . Galilee . . . Gethemane.xml
Beth le hem He was born there I be lieve I be lieve Ga li lee Je sus walked there I be lieve I be lieve Geth se ma ne my Sav ior prayed there On Cal va ry He died a lone but the tomb He left there I be lieve I be lieve I be lieve I be lieve Beth le hem He was born there I be lieve I be lieve Ga li lee Je sus walked there I be lieve I be lieve Geth se ma ne my Sav ior prayed there On Cal va ry He died a lone but the tomb He left there I be lieve I be lieve I be lieve I be lieve Beth le hem He was born there I be lieve I be lieve Ga li lee Je sus walked there I be lieve I be lieve Geth se ma ne my Sav ior prayed there On Cal va ry He died a lone but the tomb He left there I be lieve I be lieve I be lieve I be lieve
Original Dixieland Jazz Band, Harry DeCosta - Tiger Rag.xml
Where's that tiger! Where's that tiger! Where's that tiger! Where's that tiger! Hold that tiger! Hold that tiger! Hold that tiger! Choke him, poke him, kick him and soak him! Where's that tiger? Where's that tiger? Where, oh where can he be? Low or highbrow, they all cry now: "Please play that tiger rag for me.
Harold Arlen, Truman Capote - A Sleepin' Bee.xml
When a bee lies sleepin' in the palm of your hand, You're bewitch'd and deep in love's long look'd after land. Where you'll see a sunup sky with a mornin' new, and where the days go laughin' by as love comes a callin' on you. Sleep on Bee, don't waken can't believe what just passed He's mine for the takin', I'm so happy at last Maybe I dreams but he seems sweet golden as a crown. a sleepin' bee done told me. I'll walks with me feet off the groun' when my one true love I has foun'.
Artie Matthews, Mort Greene, George Cates - Weary Blues.xml
Wish I could lose these weary blues. My tired heart can't love no more, can't love the way it did before. My love was big yoyr love was small, and now I've got no love at all. Wish I could lose those weary wantcha in the evenin', yes I wantcha, yes I wantcha but it didn't do no good. Miss ya when it's rainin' and I miss ya when it's shinin', and I wish that I could kiss ya and I would if I could. But my heart can't forget the runaround it used to get! oh, can't you see I'm tired of this old unfair one sided love, Come back to me, please don't refuse, and help me lose these weary blues.
Jimmy McHugh, George Oppenheimer, Dorothy Fields - I Feel A Song Comin' On.xml
I feel a song comin' on And I'm warning ya It's a victorious, happy and glorious new strain! I feel a song comin' on It's a mel oy Full of the laughter of children out after the rain! You'll hear a tuneful story Ringin' thru ya! Love and glory! Hallelu ja! And now that my troubles are gone Let those heavenly drums go on drummin', 'Cause I feel a song comin' on!
Walter Donaldson, George Whiting - My Blue Heaven.xml
When whippoorwills call and evening is nigh I hurry to My Blue Heaven A turn to the right a little white light Will lead you to My Blue Heaven. You'll see a simling face, a fireplace, a cozy room, a little nest that's nestled where the roses bloom, Just Mollie and me And baby makes three, We're happy in My Blue Heaven.
Arthur Williams (pseudonym of James Van Heusen), Carl Sigman - I Could Have Told You.xml
I could have told you she'd hurt you, she'd love you awhile then desert you, if only you asked, I could have told you so. I could have saved you some crying, yes, I could have told you she's lying, but you were in love and didn't want to know. I hear her now as I toss and turn and try to sleep. I hear her now making promises she'll never keep. and so it's over and done with, she'll find someone new to have fun with, thru all of my tears I could have told you so. I could have so.
Red Hot Chili Peppers - Under the Bridge.xml
Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner. Sometimes I feel like my only is the city I live in, the city f gels ly am, together we cry, I drive on her streets 'cause she's my comion, I walk though her hills 'cause she knows who I She sees my good deeds, and she kisses me windy I never ry now that is a lie I don't ever wanna like I did that day, Take me to the place I take me all the way I don't ever wanna like I did that day, Take me to the place I take me all the way, yeah yeah yeah It's take me all the way yeah yeah yeah Oh no, no no yeah me, I say yeah One time Under the bridge down town is where I drew some blood Under the bridge down town I could not get enough Under the bridge down town forgot about my love Under the bridge down town I gave my life away yeah yeah yeah Oh no no no no yeah, yeah Way down I said oh yeah yeah Will I stay?
Chris Tomlin, Jesse Reeves & Ed Cash 2004 - How Great Is Our God.xml
The spen dor of the King clothed in ma jes ty let all the earth re joice all the earth re joice He wraps Him self in light and dark ness tried to hide and trem bles at His voice and trem bles at His voice how great is our God sing with me how great is our God and all wii see how great how great os our God and age to age He stands and time is in His hands be gin ning and the end be gin ning and the end the God head three in one Fa ther Spir it Son the Li on and the Lamb the Li on and the Lamb how great is our God sing with me how great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God name a bove all names wor thy of all praise my heart will sing how great is our God name a bove all names wor thy of all praise my heart will sing how great is our God how great is our God sing with me how great is our God and all wii see how great how great is our God
Sandro Taccani, Vincenzo Di Paolo, Buck Ram (English Lyrics) - Come Prima.xml.1
La notte, come͜͜ allora, magica scende la luna splende, e tu sei qui. Mi sento͜ un pó confuso, non so capire e ti so dire solo cosi. Co me prima come prima, I'm in love. Come prima, come prima I found love. From the moment I saw you I was in rapture, Ev'ry moment after that I've lived in the clouds. Come pri ma, come prima, I can thrill, Come prima I love you and always will. You're the first one yes the first one, You're my one and only one. Come prima, come prima I'm in love. Come prima, come prima, I love you.
Dominic John, Harold Cornelius, Howard Barnes - A Blossom Fell.xml
A blossom fell from off a tree it settled softly on the lips you turned to me the gypsies say and I know why a falling blossom only touches lips that lie A blossom fell and very soon I saw you kissing someone new beneath the moon I thought you loved me you said you loved me we plann'd together to dream for ever the dream has ended for true love died the night a blossom fell and touch'd two lips that lied. a blossom lied.
B.G.De Sylva: Lew Brown and Ray Henderson - So Blue.xml
I knew I'd miss your smile and miss your kisses for awhile but never knew that I'd be oh, So Blue I knew that summer nights would never hold the same delights, but never knew that I'd be oh, So Blue. both sleeping and waking my poor heart is aching you know, Dear, it's breaking for you. I'll be in Heaven when I hold you in my arms again but until then I'll just be oh, So Blue.
Will E. Haines, Jimmy Harper - Winter Draws On.xml
Away with melancholy well soon be blythe and jolly with mistletoe and holly hanging in the hall goodbye to summer weather put on your stout shoe leather and lets rejoicetogether as snow begins to fall Winter draws on winter draws on so pack away your summer frocks with bits o' gauze on winter draws on yes, winter draws on we'll all have pretty Christmas cards with Santa Claus on Football, snowball, hip hip hip hooray hot baked chestnuts keep the cold away snuggle up Jill, snuggle up John, and dont forget your Flannelette winter draws on. on.
Clyde (Red)  Foley - Old Shep.xml
When lad and Old Shep was a pup O'er hills and meadows we'd roam just a boy and his dog we were both full of fun we grew uop together that way I remember the time at the old swimming hole when I would have drowned without doubt Shep was right there to the rescue he came he jumped in and helped pull me out So the long and at last he grew old His eyesight was fast growing dim then one day the doctor looked at me and said I can't do no more for him Jim with a hand that was trembling I picked up my gun I aimed it at Shep's faithful head I just couldn't do it I wanted to run and wished that they'd shoot me instead
B.Hilliard, D. Miles - The coffee song.xml
Way down among Brazilians Coffee beans grow by the billions So they've got to find those extra cups to fill They've got an awful lot of coffee in Brazil. can't get cherry soda 'cos they've got to fill that quota & the way things are I'll bet they never will why They put coffee in the coffee in Brazil. No tea or tomato juice You'll see no potato juice 'cos the planters down in Santos all say "No, no, no" A politician's daughter was accused of drinkin' water & was fined a great big fifty dollar bill They've got an awful lot of coffee in Brazil
Cat Stevens - Wild World.xml
Now that I've lost ev'rything to you You said you wanna start something new & it's breakin' my heart you leavin' Baby, I'm grievin' But if you wanna leave, take good care hope you have a lot of nice things to wear But then a lot of nice things turn bad out there Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world It's hard to get by just upon a smile Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world I'll always remember you just like a child, girl You know I've seen a lot of what the world can do & it's breakin' my heart in two Because I never wanna see you sad girl Don't be a bad girl But if you wanna leave, take good care hope you make a lot of nice friends out there But just remember there's a lot of bad & beware
Vincent Youmans, Edward Eliscu, William Rose - More than you know.xml
More Than You Know, More Than You Know, man o' my heart, I love you so. Lately I find you're on my mind, More Than You Know. Whether you're right whether you're wrong, man o' my heart, I'll string along. You need me so more than you'll ever know. Loving you the way that I do there's nothing I can do about it; loving may be all you can give but honey I can't live without it Oh, how I'd cry, oh, how I'd cry, if you got tired and said "goodbye", more than I'd show more than I'd ever know. More Than You Know.
Francis Lai, Norman Gimbel - Live For Life (Vivre Pour Vivre).xml
Come with me my love and seize the day and live it, live it fully, live it fast. Never thinking once about tomorrow, till tomorrow's been and gone and past. We'll pour the wine and fill the cup of joy and drink it, drink as if it were the last. Live, just live for life.  In Paree today, in Amsterdam tomorrow, sixty minutes thru the skies. Fly with me to see the setting summer sun and stay with me to see it rise. And say to those who say to live this way is mad, that mad we'd rather be than wise. Live, just live for life. If you let me I will lead you thru the mystery and wonder of a world you've never known before. Share the splendors to be shared, Magic places to explore, Dare the dangers to be dared. Life is all of this and more, this and more. Yester day's a mem'ry, gone for good forever, while tomorrow is a guess. What is real is what is here and now, the "here and now" is all that we possess. So, take my hand and we will take the moment, if for just the moment's happiness. Live, just live for life.  Come with me to where the hills are green and still and filled with flowers to adore Come with me to where the laughter rings and drowns the pounding sound of guns of war. Yes, come with me my love and live for life and life will live for you forevermore. Live, just live for life. Live, just live for life, live just live for life.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Tim Rice - Don't Cry for Me Argentina.xml
It won't be easy. you'll think it strange when I try to explain how I feel, that I still need your love after all that I've done. You won't believe me. All you will see is a girl you once knew, although she's dressed up to the nines at sixes and seven with you. I had to let it happen, I had to change, couldn't spend all my life down at heel, looking out of the window, staying out of the sun. So I chose freedom running around trying ev'rything new, but nothing impressed me at all, I never expected it to. Don't cry for me Argentina the truth is I never left you. All through my wild days my mad existense I kept my promise don't keep your distance And as for fortune and as for fame, I never invited them in, though it seemed to the world they were all I desired they are illusions, they're not the solutions they promised to be the answer was here all the time, I love you and hope you love me Don't cry for me Argentina Mm Don't cry for me argentina the truth is I never left you. All though my wild days, my mad existense I kept my promise, don't keep your distance Have I said too much, there's nothing more I can think of to say to you But all you have to do is look at me to know that evry word is true
Cab Calloway, Irving Mills - Minnie the Moocher.xml
Now here's a story 'bout Minnie the Moocher She was a lowdown hoochy choocher She was the roughest toughest frail But Minnie had a heart as big as a whale Ho de ho de ho (ho..de ho..de..ho) Rah de dah de dah (Rah..de dah..de..dah) Teedle dee de dee (Tee..dle dee..de..dee) Ho de ho de ho (Ho..de ho..de..ho) She messed around wid a bloke named Smokey She loved him tho' he was a "cokey" He took her down to Chinatown And showed her how to kick the gong arond Hi de hi de hi (Hi..de hi..de..hi) Ree de dah de doo (Ree..de dah..de..doo) Bode dah do dah (Bo..de dah..do.dah) Ho de ho de ho ho..de..ho) Poor Min, Poor Min, Poor Min
Harold Logan, Lloyd Price - (You've Got) Personality.xml
Over and over I tried to prove my love to you Over and over what more can I do Over and Over my friends say I'm a fool but Over and over I'll be a fool for you Cause you've got personality walk a per son al i ty talk a per son al i ty smile a personality charm a personality love a personality and course you've got a great big heart so over and over oh I'll be a fool for you Now over and o ver what more can I do? Over and over I said that I loved you Over and over honey now it's true over and over they still say I"m a fool but Over and over I'll be a fool for you. do?
Neil Fynn - The Hobbit Song.xml
Far over the Misty Mountains rise, leave us standing upon the heights. What was before, we see once more is our kingdom, a distant light. Fiery mountain beneath the moon. The words unspoken, we’ll be there soon. For home a song that echoes on, and all who find us will know the tune. Some folk we never forget. Some kind we never forgive. Haven’t seen the back of us yet, we’ll fight as long as we live. All eyes on the hidden door, to the Lonely Mountain borne. We’ll ride in the gathering storm until we get our longforgotten gold. We lay under the Misty Mountains cold, in slumbers deep and dreams of gold. We must awake, our lives to make, and in the darkness a torch we hold. From long ago when lanterns burned, until this day our hearts have yearned. Her fate unknown, the Arkenstone, what was stolen must be returned. Oh, oh. We must awake and make the day to find a song for heart and soul. Some folk we never forget. Some kind we never forgive. Haven’t seen the end of it yet, we’ll fight as long as we live. All eyes on the hidden door, to the Lonely Mountain borne. We’ll ride in the gathering storm un til we get our longforgotten gold. Far away from Misty Mountains cold.
John W. Green, Edward Heyman - I Cover the Waterfront.xml.1
I cover the waterfront I'm watching the sea, will the sea I love be coming back to me. I cover the waterfront in search of my love, and I'm covered by a starless sky above. Here am I patiently waiting hoping and longing oh! how I yearn! Where are you? Are you forgetting? Do you remember? Will you return? I cover the waterfront I'm watching the sea, for the one I love must soon come back to me.
Chips Moman, Larry Butler - Another Somebody Done Somebody Wrong Song.xml
Its lonely out tonight and the feelin just got right for a brand new love song somebody done somebod y wrong song Hey wont you play another somebody done some bod y wrong song and make me feelathome while I miss my baby while I miss my baby so baby Play play for me a sad melody so sad that it makes ev'ry body cry A real hurtin song about a love thats gone wrong cause I dont wan na cry all alone
Al Dubin & Joe Burke - Dancing With Tears In My Eyes.xml
For I'm Dancing With Tears In My Eyes, 'cause the girl in my arms isn't you. Dancing with somebody new, when it's you, that my heart's calling to. Trying to smile, once in a while, but I find it so hard to do. For I'm Dancing With Tears In My Eyes, 'cause the girl in my arms isn't you.
George Bassman, Ned Washington - I'm Getting Sentimental Over You.xml
Never thought I'd fall, but now I hear love call. I'm getting sentimental over you. Things you say and do Just thrill me thru and thru. I'm, getting sen timental over you. I thought I was happy I could live without love. Now I must admit, love is all I'm thinking of. Won't you please be kind and just make up your mind, That you'll be sweet and genttle, be gentle with me Because I'm senti mental over you. you.
Frank Loesser - Wonderful Copenhagen.xml
Wonderful wondeerful Copenhagen friendly old girl of a town neath her tavern light, on this merry night let us clink and drink one down to wonder ful wonderful Copenhagen salty old queen of the sea once I sailed away but I'm home today singing Copenhagen wonderful wonderful Copenhagen for me me.
Lilla Caley Robinson, Paul Lincke, Johnny Mercer - The Glow Worm.xml
Glow little glowworm fly of fire Glow like an incandescent wire glow for the female of the specie turn on the AC and the DC this night could use a little brightnin light up you little ol bug of lightnin when you gotta glow you gotta glow glow little glowworm glow Glow little glowworm glow and glimmer Swim through the sea of night little swimmer thou aeronautica boll weevil Illuminate yon woods primeval see how the shadows deep and darken you and your chick should get to sparkin I got a gal that I love so glow little glow worm glow
Herb Newman - The Birds And The Bees.xml
Let me tell you bout the birds and the bees and the flowers and the trees and the moon up above and a thing called love Let me tell you bout the stars in the sky and a girl and a guy and the way they could kiss on a night like this when I look into your big brown eyes it's so very plain to see that it's time you learned about the facts of life starting from A to Z let me tell you bout the birds and the bees and the flowers and the trees and the moon up above and a thing called love Let me tell you bout the love
Glenn Miller, Mitchell Parish - Moonlight Serenade.xml
I stand at your gate and the song that I sing is of moonlight. I stand and I wait for the touch of your hand in the June night. The roses are sighing a Moonlight Serenade. The stars are aglow and tonight how their light sets me dreaming. My love, do you know that your eyes are like stars brightly beaming? I bring you and sing you a Moonlight Sere  Let us stray till break of day in love's valley of dreams Just you and I, a summer sky, a heavenly breeze kissing the trees. So don't let me wait, come to me tenderly in the June night. I stand at your gate and I sing you a song in the moonlight; a love song, my darling, a Moonlight Serenade.
Traditional Irish - The Boys From The County Armagh.xml
Theres one fair county in Ireland with memories so glorious and grand where nature has lavished her beauty in the orchards of Erins green land I love its Cathederal city once founded by Patrick so true and it bears in the heart of its bosom the ashes of Brian Boru Its my own Irishhome far across the foam although I've often left it in foreign lands to roam no matter where I wander through cities near or far sure my heart is at home in old Ireland in the county of Armagh.
Lowell Mason, Sarah F. Adams - Nearer My God To Thee.xml
Nearer my God to Thee, Nearer to Thee! E'en though it be a cross that raiseth me. Still all my dreams shall be Nearer, my God to Thee. Nearer, my god to Thee, Nearer to Thee!
Coldplay - Yellow.xml
Look at the stars, Look how they shine for you, And ev'rything you do, Yeah they were all yellow, I came along I wrote a song for you And all the things you do And it was called yellow So then I took my turn Oh all the things I've done And it was all yellow Your skin Oh yeah your skin and bones Turn into something beautiful Do you know, you know I love you so You know I love you so I swam across I jumped across for you Oh all the things you do Cause you were all yellow I drew a line I drew a line for you Oh what a thing to do And it was all yellow Your skin Oh yeah your skin and bones Turn into something beautiful Do you know, for you i bleed myself dry For you i bleed myself dry It's true, look how they shine for you Look how they shine for you look how they shine for Look how they shine for you Look how they shine for you Look how they shine. Look at the stars, Look how they shine for you, And all the things that you do.
Ray Henderson, B.G. DeSylva, Lew Brown - It All Depends On You.xml
I can be happy, I can be sad, I can be good, or I can be bad, it all depends on you. I can be lonely, out in a crowd, I can be humble, I can be proud, it all depends on you I can save money, or spend it, go right on living, or end it. You're to blame honey, for what I do. I know that I can be beggar, I can be king, I can be almost any old thing It all depends on you. you.
Joseph E. Howard, Harold Orlob, Will M. Hough, Frank R. Adams - I Wonder Who's Kissing Her Now.xml
I wonder who's kissing her now wonder who's teaching her how wonder who's looking into her eyes breathing sighs! telling lies! I wonder who's buying the wine for lips that I used to call mine Wonder if she ever tells him of me I wonder who's kissing her now.
Traditional - Shady Grove.xml
Cheeks as red as the bloomin rose, Eyes of the deepest brown You are the darling of my heart, Stay till the sun goes down. Shady Grove, my litttle love Shady Grove I know, Shady Grove, my little love, Bound for the Shady Grove.  Peaches in the summer time, Apples in the fall, If I can't get the girl I love Won't have none at all.
Del Roma, J.W.Stole, Arthur Altman, Norman Gimbel(Eng.) - I Will Follow Him.xml
I WILL FOLLOW Him Follow him wherever he may go There isn't an ocean too deep a mountain so high it can keep me away I must follow him ever since he touched my hand I knew that near him I always must be and nothing can keep him from me he is my destiny I love him I love him I love him and where he goes I'll follow I'll follow I'll follow He'll always be my true love my true love my true love from now until forever for ever for ever I will follow him follow him wherever he may go there isn't an ocean too deep a mountain so high it can keep keep me away away from my love I away from my love Ah
William H. Neidlinger 1900 - The Birthday of a King.xml
In the lit tle vil liage of Beth le hem there lay a Child one day and the sky was bright with a ho ly light o'er the place where Je sus lay Al le lu ia oh how the ang els sang al le lu ia how it rang and the sky was bright with a ho ly light 'twas the birth day of a King 'Twas a hum ble birth place but oh how much God gave to us that day from the man ger bet what a path has led what a per fect ho ly way Al le lu ia oh how the ang els sang al le lu ia how it rang and the sky was bright with a ho ly light 'twas the birth day of a King
Barry Gibb, Maurice Gibb, Robin Gibb - How Can You Mend A Broken Heart.xml
I can think of younger days when living for my life was ev'rything a man could want to do. I could never see tomorrow, but I was never told about the sorrow. And how can you mend a broken heart How can you stop the rain from falling down? How can you stop the sun from shining? What makes the world go 'round? How can you mend this broken man How can a loser ever win? Please help me mend my broken heart and let me live a gain. I can still feel the breeze that rustles through the trees and misty memories of days gone by. We could never see tomorrow; no one said a word about the sorrow. gain.
Irving Berlin - Russian Lullaby.xml
Ev ry night you'll hear her croon A Russian lull aby Just a little plaintive tune When baby startsto cry Rocka byemy baby Some where there may be a land That's free for you and me And a Russian lullaby.
Henry Mancini, Leslie Bricusse - Two for the Road.xml
If you're feeling fancy free, Come wander thru the world with me, And any place we chance to be will be our rendez'vous. Two for the road, we'll travel down the years collecting precious memories, selecting souvenirs, and living life the way we please. In summertime the sun will shine; in winter we'll drink summer wine. And ev'ry day that you are mine will be a lovely day. As long as love still wears a smile, I know that we'll be two for the road, and that's a long, long, while. If you're feeling while
Josiah K. Alwood, 1880 - Unclouded Day.xml
O they tell me of a home far be yond the skies Oh they tell me of a home far a way Oh they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise Oh they tell me of an un cloud ed day O the land of cloud less day O the land of the un cloud ed day O they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise O they tell me of an un cloud ed day O they tell me of a home where my friends have gone o they tell me of thay land far a way where the tree of life in e tern al bloom shed's it's fra grance through the un cloud ed day O the land of cloud less day O the land of the un cloud ed day O they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise O they tell me of an un cloud ed day O they tell me of a King in His beau ty there and they tell me that mine eyes shall be hold there He sits on a throne that is white er than snow In the ci ty that is made of gold O the land of cloud less day O the land of the un cloud ed day O they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise O they tell me of an un cloud ed day O they tell me that He smiles on His chil dren there and His smile drives their sor rows all a way and they tell me that no tears ev er come a gain In that love ly land of un cloud ed day O the land of cloud less day O the land of the un cloud ed day O they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise O they tell me of an un cloud ed day
Jonathan E. Spilman, Robert Burns - Flow Gently Sweet Afton.xml
Flow gently sweet Afton among thy green braes. Flow gently I'll sing thee a song in thy praise. My Mary's asleep by thy murmuring stream. Flow gently sweet Afton disturn not her dream. Thou stock dove whose echo resounds from the hill. Ye wild whistling blackbirds in yon thorny dell. Thou green crested lapwing, thy screaming for bear; I charge you, disturb not my slumbering fair.
Fred E. Alhert, Roy Turk - Walkin' My Baby Back Home.xml
Gee! It's great, after bein' out late, Walkin' My Baby Back Home. Arm in arm, over meadow and farm, Walkin' My Baby Back Home. We go 'long harmonizin' a song, or I'm reciting a poem. Owls go by, and they give me the eye, Walkin' My Baby Back Home. We stop for a while, she gives me to park, and snuggles her head to my chest. We start in to pet, And that's when I get her talcum all over my vest After I kinda straighten my tie, she has to borrow my comb. One kiss then I continue again, Walkin' My Baby Back Home She's 'fraid of the dark, so I have to park, outside of her door till it's light. She says if I try to kiss her, she'll cry. I dry her tears all thru the night. Hand in hand to a barbecue stand, right from her doorway we roam. Eats! and then it's a pleasure again, Home.
Keith Richards, Mick Jagger - Honky-Tonk Woman.xml
I met a ginsoaked barroom queen in Memphis She tried to take me upstairs for a ride She had to heave me right across her shoulder'Cus I just can't seem to drink her off my mind. She's a honkytonk woman giveme give me give me the honkytonk blues. I (p)layed a divorcee in New York city I had to put up some kind of a fight The lady then she covvered me with roses She blew my nose and then she blew my mind. Yeah All right! She's a honkytonk woman giveme give me give me the honkytonk blues.
Nino Rota, Larry Kusik - Love Said Goodbye.xml
How cold, the wind that whispers you are gone: How sad, the rain that cries you name at dawn. Where is the laughter that we once know? Had I but reached, would I still have you? Seeker of dreams was I, then I lost my way; Keeper of hope, that promised love for another day. How did it all slip away? Sweet wine of youth told me that love would wait: I stormed the castle walls but reached to late. My life, my world are a misty blue: Love said goodbye to my dreams and you.
W. C. Handy - Memphis Blues.xml
Folks, I've just been down, down to Memphis town. that's where ther people smile, smile on you all the while. Hospitality, they were good to me, I couldn't spend a dime and had the grandest time. I went out adancin' with a Tennessee dear they had a fellow ther named Handy with a band you should hear and while all the folks gently swayed all the band folks played, real harmony, I never will forget the tune that Handy called the Memphis blues. Oh yes them blues. They got a fiddler there that always slickens his hair, an' folks he sure do pull some bow. And when the big bassoon seconds to the trombones croon, It moans just like a sinner on Revival Day on Revi val Day. That melan cholly strain that ever haunting refrain is like a sweet old sorrow song. Her comes the very part that wraps a spell around my heart. It sets me wild to hear that lovin' tune a
Tracy Dartt 1975 - God on the Mountain.xml
Life is ea asy when you're up on the moun tain and you've got peace of mind like you've nev er known but when things change and you're down in the val ley don't lose faith for you are nev er a lone and the God of the moun tain is still God in the val ley when things go wrong He'll make them right and the God in the good times is still God in the bad times the God of the day is still God of the night and the God of the moun tain is still God of the Val ley the God of the day is still God of the night we talk of faith when we're up on the moun tain but talke comes ea sy when life's at it's best but in the val ley of trials and temp ta tions that's when faith is real ly put to the test and the God of the moun tain is still God in the val ley when things go wrong He'll make them right and the God in the good times is still God in the bad times the God of the day is still God of the night and the God of the moun tain is still God of the Val ley the God of the day is still God of the night and the God of day is still God of the night
Domenico Modugno, Mitchell Parish - Ciao, ciao, bambino.xml
Ciao ciao bambino the rain is falling once more I kiss you and then goodbye Our love was just like a fairy story but all its glory must pass us by Are raindrops trembling upon your face dear or are they teardrops for/the love we knew ciao ciao bambino my heart is calling while rain is falling I cry with you
Norah Jones - Come away with me.xml.1
Come away with me in the night, Come away with me I will write you a song Come away with me on the bus, Come away where they can't Tempt us with their Lies And I want to walk with you on a cloudy day, in fields where the yellow grass grows kneehigh so won't you try to come Come away with me and we'll kiss On a mountaintop Come away with me and I'll never stop loving you And I want to wake up with the rain falling on a tin roof While I'm safe there in your Arms So All I ask is for you come away with me in the night Come away with me
Matt Malneck, Frank Signorelli, Mitchell Parish - Stairway To The Stars.xml
Let's build a stairway to the stars, and climb that stairway to the stars, with love beside us to fill the night with a song. We'll hear the sound of violins, out youder where the blue begins. The moon will guide us as we go driftting along. Can't we sail away on a lazy daisy petal over the rim of the hill? Can't we sail away on a little dream and settle high on the crest of a thrill? Let's build a stairway to the stars, alovely stairway to the stars. It would be heaven to climb to heavven with you.
Traditional Irish - Eileen O' Grady.xml
There's a sweet little lady named Eileen O'' Grady I wish I could call her my own sure I won't be contented till she has consented to be Mistress Barney Malone I first meet this treasure out walking at leisure alone on a bright summer's day without any warning "The top of the morning" I just said to her right away "come", come beautiful Eileen out for a drive with me over the mountain and down by the fountain home thro' the valley, dear, won't it be lovely don't be unkind, make up your mind on a drive to Castlebar, to the road I'm no stranger, for you there's no danger so hop like a bird on me could jaunting car.
Les Reed, Barry Mason - Les Bicyclettes De Belsize.xml
Turning and turning the world goes on We cant change it my friend, Let us go riding all through the days To gether to the end to the end les bicyclettes de Belsize carry us side by side and hand in hand we will ride over Belsize Turn you magical eyes round and around looking at all we found Carry us throughthe skies Les bicycclettes de Belsize
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Getting to know you.xml
Getting to know you Getting to know all a bought you getting to like you getting to hope you like me getting to know you putting it my way but nicely you are precisely my cup of tea! Gettingto know you getting to feel free and eas y when I am with you getting to know what to say Haven't you noticed? suddenly I'm bright and breezy because of all the beautiful and new things I'm learning about you day by day.
Walt Breeland and Paul Buskirk, Willie Nelson - Night Life (Guitar Solo Added).xml
When the ev'ning sun goes down, you will find me hangin' round. The night life ain't no good life but it's my life. Many people just like me dreamin' of old used to bes and the night life ain't no good life but it's my life. Listen to the blues they're playin' Listen to what the blues are sayin'. Mine is just another scene from the world of broken dreams and the night life ain't no good life but it's my life. Listen to the blues they're playin' Listen to what the blues are sayin'. Mine is just another scene from the world of broken dreams and the night life ain't no good life but it's my life.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Hey Jude.xml
Hey Jude don't make it bad take a sad song and make it better Remember to let her into your heart then you can start to make it better Hey Jude don't be afraid you were made to go out and get her the minute you let her under your skin then you begin to make it better and anytime you feel the pain Hey Jude refrain don't carry the world upon your shoulders for now you know that it's a fool who plays it cool by making his world a little colder da da da da da da da da da Hey Remember to let her under your skin then you'll be gin to make it better.
George and Ira Gershwin - For You, For Me, For Evermore.xml
For You, For Me, For Evermore, It's bound to be for evermore. It's plain to see, we found by finding each other, The love we waited for. I'm yours, you're mine, and in our hearts The happy ending starts. What a lovely world this world will be, With a world of love in store For You, For Me, For Evermore! For more!
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - A House Is Not A Home.xml.1
A chair is still a chair e ven when there's no one sitting there; But a chair is not a house, and a house is not a home when there's no one there to hold you tight, and no one there you can kiss goodnight. A room is still a room ev en when there's nothing there but gloom; But a room is not a house, and a house is not a home when the two of us are far apart and one of us has a broken heart. Now and then I call your name and suddenly your face appears But it's just a crazy game. When it ends it ends in tears. Darling, have a heart, don't let one mistake keep us apart. I'm not meant to live alone. Turn this house into a home. When I climb the stair and turn the key, Oh, please be there still in love with me. A me.
Frank Silver & Irving Cohn - Yes We Have No Bananas.xml
Yes We Have No Bananas, We have no bananas to day. We've string beans and HONions, cabBAHges and scallions and all kinds of fruit and say. We have an oldfashioned toMAHto, Long Island poTAHto, but Yes, we have no bananas, we have nobananas to day.
Joseph Mohr, Franz Gruber - Silent Night-Arrangement By Greg Howlett.xml
Silent night, holy night, All is calm, all is bright Round yon virgin mother and Child. Holy infant so tender and mild, Sleep in heavenly peace Sleep in heavenly peace.
Jule Styne, Stephen Sondheim - Let Me Entertain You.xml
Extra! Extra! Hey! look at the headline. Historical news is being made Extra! Extra! They're drawing a red line around the biggest scoop of the decade! A barrel of charm, a fabulous thrill! The biggest little headline in vaudeville. Oh! Let me entertain you, Let me make you smile. Let me do a few tricks, some old and then some new tricks, I'm very versatile. And if you're real good, I'll make you feel good, I want your spirits to climb. Just let me entertain you and we'll have a real good time, yes sir, We'll have a feal good time. time.
Fred E. Alhert, Roy Turk - I'll Get By (As Long As I Have You).xml
I've neither wealth nor power, but now that you said you're mine, wherever I go, whatever I do, I'll be do'in' fine. For I'll get by As long as I have you. Though there be rain and darkness too, I''ll not complain, I'll see it through. poverty may come to me that's true, Say, what care I Dear, I'll get by as long as I have you. you.
Frank Loesser - Spring WIll Be a Little Late This Year.xml
January and February were never so empty and gray. Tragic'lly I feel like crying: "Without you, my darling, I'm dying". But let's rather put it this way: Spring will be a little late this year, a little late arriving in my lonely world over here. For you have left me, and where is our April of old? You have left me and winter continues cold. As if to say Spring will be a little slow to start, a little slow reviving that music it made in my heart. Yes, time heals all things, so I needn't cling to this fear. It's simply that Spring will be a little late this year.
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - One For My Baby.xml
It's quarter to three, There's noone in the place except you and me, So set 'em up, Joe I've got a little story you oughta know, We're drinking, my friend, to the end of a brief episode, Make it one for my baby and one more for the road. I got the routine, so drop another nickel in the machine, I'm feelin' so bad I wish you'd made the music dreamy and sad, Could tell you alot, But you've got to be true to your code, Make it one for my baby and one more for the road. You'd never know it, But buddy, I'm a kind of poet and I've gotta lotta things to say; And when I'm gloomy you simply gotta listen to me until it's talked away. Well, that how it goes And Joe, I know you're getting anxious to close, So, thanks for the cheer I hope you didn't mind my bending your ear, This torch that I've found must be drowned or it soon might explode, Make it one for my baby and one more for the road that long, long road.
Dr. Arthur Colahan - Galway Bay.xml
If you ever go across the sea to Ireland Then maybe at the closing of your day you will sit and watch the moon rise over Claddagh and see the sun go down on Galway Bay Just to hear again the ripple of the trout stream the women in the meadows making hay and to sit beside a turf fire in the cabin and watch the barefoot Goosens as they play and if there is going to be a life here after and somehow I am sure there's going to be I will ask my God to let me make my heaven in that dear land across the Irish Sea,
Nick Acquaviva, Bob Haymes - My Love, My Love.xml
Who makes the robins sing? My love, my love. Who brings the joy to spring? Who else but you my love. Who makes my poor heart cry? My love, my love. Who's eyes are stars on high? None else but yours, my love. As sweet as morning mist, Are the lips that Heaven kissed; As endless as the sea Is the love that he gave to me. And what have I to give? My love, my love. As long as I shall live. You'll always be my love; you'll always be my love.
Matt Dennis, Tom Adair - Violets For Your Furs.xml
I bought you violets for your furs and it was spring for awhile remember? I bought you violets for your furs, and there was April in that December. The snow drifted down on the flowers, and melted where it lay; the snow looked like dew on the blossoms, as on a summer day. I bought you violets for your furs and there was blue in the wintry sky. You pinned the violets to your furs and gave a lift to the crowds passing by. You smiled at me so sweetly; since then one thought occurs: that we fell in love completely the day that I gave you violets for your furs. furs.
Ivor Novello, Christopher Hassall - Fold Your Wings.xml
Fold your wings of love around me Hold them close 'til they have found me I'm your slave and your defender I surrender Fold your wings forever sharing Peace and joy beyond comparing Life truly life has just begun Now our two hearts are one
John Schweers - Daydreams About Night Things.xml
I'm having daydreams about night things in the middle of the afternoon and while my hands make a living my minds home loving you I'm having daydreams about night things in the midldle of the afternoon and evry night you make my daydreams come true. well all day long while I'm workin in town time slows down to a crawl when I'm not thinkin about you I'm checkin the clock on the wall then its goodbye factory and hello love and theres a smile across my face cause I'm back in the arms of your sweet love where my thoughts have day.
Harold Stanley, Irving Taylor, Dudley Brooks - THE MAN WITH THE BAG.xml
Old Mist er Krin gle is soon gon na jin gle the bells that 'll tin gle your trou bles a way Ev' ry bod y's wait in' for the Man With The Bag 'cuz Christ mas is com in' a gain. He's got a sleigh full Its not gon na stay full He's got stuff to drop at ev' ry stop of the way Ev' ry bod y's wait in' for the man with the bag Christ mas is com in' a gain He'll be here with the an swer to the pray'rs that you've made thru the year You'll get yours if you've done ev' ry thing you should ex tra spec ial good. He'll make this Dec em ber the one you'll re mem ber the best and the mer ri est you ev er did have. Ev' ry bod y's wait in' for the man with the bag Christ mas is here a gain
Anthony September - Ninety Nine Ways.xml
There must be ninety nine ways for losin' the blues That I got from lovin' you Oh ninety nine ways but none of them do. There must be ninety nine ways to do without you But I can't find one tonight I'm feelin' so bad and nothin' is right. Baby I'm missin' your huggin' and akissin', And I'm lonely as can be. Well I've tried all the others but none of the others can do what you're doin' to me. There must be ninety nine ways for losin' the blues That I got from lovin' you Ninety nine ways but I still love you. There must be but I still love you, Yes I do. ninety nine ways But I still love you.
Irving Berlin - Easter Parade.xml
your Easter bonnet, with all the frills upon it, you'll be the grandest lady in the Easter Parade. I'd be all in clover and when they look you over I'll be the proudest fellow in the Easter Parade. On the Avenue Fifth Avenue, the photographers will snap us. And you'll find that you're in the rotogravure. Oh, I could write a sonnet about your Easter bonnet, and of the girl I'm taking to the Easter Parade rade
Ken Taylor & Vera Kersten - Fickle Fingers.xml
Fickle Fingers picking petals from a rose, Fickle fingers, why you do it noone knows, for the petals fall apart to reveal a broken heart, and those dewdrops as they fall are but teardrops after all. Fickle fingers, love is like a lovely rose, first it blossoms in your heart and then it grows, But you break a rose in two, like the rose I gave to you, Fickle Fingers picking petals from a rose.
Don Costa, Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman - Christmas Mem'ries.xml
Singing carols, stringing popcorn, making footprints in the snow; mem'ries, Christmas mem'ries, they're the sweetest ones I know. Cookies baking in the kitchen, cards and ribbons ev'rywhere; frosty, Christmas memries float like snowflakes in the air. And oh the joy of waking Christmas mornings, the fam'ly round the tree. We had a way of making Christmas mornings as merry as can be, I close my eyes and see, shin ing fac es of all the children who now have children of their own. Funny, but come December, and I remember, ev'ry Christmas I've known.
John Darwall, Charles Wesley - Rejoice, the Lord Is King.xml
Re joice, the Lord is King; Your Lord and King adore! Rejoice, give thanks and sing And triumph evermore. Lift up yur heart; Lift up your voice, Rejoice again I say, Rejoice!
Vincent Youmans, Edward Eliscu and Gus Kahn - Carioca.xml
Say! Have you seen the carioca? It's not a foxtrot or a polka, It has a little bit of new rhythm, a blue rhythm that sighs, It has a metre that is tricky A bit of wicked wackiwicky, But when you dance it with a new love, There'll be true love in her eyes. You'll dream of the new carioca. It's theme is a kiss and a sigh. You'll dream of the new carioca When music and lights are gone and we're saying goodbye.
Joe Heyne, E.A.Ellington and Phillis Claire - The Petite Waltz.xml
I heard a melody the night that we first met a haunting melody that seems to linger yet whenever I'm a lone the music comes to me and like our kiss of love it wasnt meant to be Once again we glide to evry magic strain and I hold heaven close within my arms again tho' its just a dream a bit of bittersweet it's our melody a waltz petite
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Happy Talk.xml
Happy talk, keep talkin' happy talk, Talk about things you like to do. You gotta have a dream, if you don't have a dream how you gonna have a dream come true? 1 .Talk about a moon floatin' in de sky, lookin' like a lilly on a lake. Talk about a bird learnin' how to fly, Makin' all de music he can make.  Talk about a star lookin' like a toy, Peekin' thru de branches of a tree. Talk about a girl talk about a boy, Countin' al de ripples on de  Talk about a boy, sayin' to de girl, "Golly, baby I'm a lucky cuss! Talk about a girl sayin' to de boy, "You an' me is lucky to be us! Hap py talk, keep talkin' happy talk, Talk about things you like to do. You gotta have a dream, if you don't have a dream how you gonna have a dream come true? If you don't talk happy and you never have a dream, then you'll never have a dream come true?
Egbert Van Alstyne, Ervin R. Schmidt, Loyal Curtis, Haven Gillespie - Drifting and Dreaming.xml
Down by the southern sea. There at Waikiki. Someone waits for me Beneath the dreamy summer moon. Hearts are all in time. Lovers softly croon Their plaintive melodies of love. Drifting and dreaming While shadows fall Softly at twilight I hear you call. Love's old sweet story, told with your eyes.. Drifting and dreaming Sweet paradise.
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - I Remember It Well.xml
(Him) We met at nine I was on time Ah yes, I remember it well. We dined with friends. A tenor sang. Ah yes, I remember it well. That dazzling April moon. That's right, that's right. Ah yes, I remember it well. How often I've thought of that Friiday night When we had our last rendezvous. And somehow I foolishly wondered if you might, by some chance, be thinking of it too. That carriage We met at eight. No you were late. We dined alone. A baritone. There was none that night, and the month was June. It warms my heart to know that you remember still the way you do. Monday
Raymond Hubbell, John L. Golden - Poor Butterfly.xml
Poor butterfly 'neath the blossom waiting. Poor butterfly for she loved him so. The moments pass into hours, the hourspass into years, and as she smiles through her tears she murmurs low. The moon and I know that he'll be faithful. I'm sure he'll come to me bye and bye. But if he don't come back then I never sigh or cry. I just must die. poor butterfly fly.
Paul Dresser - On The Banks Of The Wabash.xml
'Round my Indiana homestead wave the cornfields, In the distance lies the woodlands clear and cool. Often times my thoughts revert to scenes of childhood, Where I first received my lessons, natures school. But one thing there is missing in the picture, Without her face it seems so incomplete. I long to see my mother in the door way, As she stood there years ago, her boy to greet. Oh, the moonlight's fair tonight along the Wabash, From the fields there comes the breath of new mown hay, Through the sycamores the candlelight's are gleaming, On the banks of the Wabash faraway
Elton John, Bernie Taupin - Goodbye, Yellow Brick Road.xml
When are you gonna come down when are you going to land I should have stayed on the farm should have listened to my old man You know you cant hold me for ever I did nt sign up with you I'm not a present for your friends to open this boys too young to be singing the blues Ah Ah so goodbye to yellow brick road where the dogs of society howl you cant plant me in your penthouse I'm going back to my plough back to the howling old owl in the woods Hunting the horny back toad On Ive finly decided my fu ture lies beyond the yellow brick road Ah Ah Ah What do you think you'll dothen Ibet that'll shoot down your plane It'll take youa couple of vodkaand tonics to set youon yourfeet again Maybe you'll get a replacement theres plenty like me to be found mongrels who ain't gota penny singing for tidbits like you on the ground. Ah
doc Pomus, Mort Shuman, Johnny Tillotson - Judy, Judy, Judy..xml
Judys got the lips I love to kiss and when she walks shes got the cutest twist she's grown up before my eyes all at once I realize Judy Judy Judy I love you Judys got the hands I love to touch the way she wrinkles her nose is just too much No more shirts and bright blue jeans all at once shes seventeen Judy Judy Judy I love you you I'm prayin I'll stayin her heart for ever more cause shes the girl I've dreamed of that I've been waiting for Judys gonna share my life someday and I'll be true to her in evry way when I look into her  eyes I just cant help but realize Judy Judy Judy I love you
Charles McCarthy, Bert Douglas, Joe Solieri - When Your Old Wedding Ring Was New.xml
When your old wedding ring was new, and each dream that we dreamed came true, I remember with pride how we stood side by side, what a beautiful picture you made as my bride. Even tho' silver crowns your hair, I can still see those gold ringlets there. Love's old flame is the same as the day I changed your name, When your old wedding ring was new. When your new.
J. Bouwens - Baby Blue.xml
She wrote me today that she won't be back to stay that she'd only come to pick up her clothes She wrote I must not cry and her love for me has died but she found somebody else I suppose Baby Blue Baby blue do you know that I'm still in love with you Now I know that you won't be here no more Oh how I need you How I want you Baby blue I know I must forget all the good times we had but I know that I can't forget you you're still on my mind and I know I can't find such a girl as my sweet baby blue Blue how I need you how I want you Baby blue
Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney - Say Say Say (Transcribed).xml
Say,  say,  say  what  you  want but  don't  play  games  with  my  affec tion and take,  take,  take  what  you  need but  don't  leave  me  with  no  direction. All alone I sit home by the phone waiting for you baby. Through  the  years  how  can  you  stand  to  hear my  pleading  for  you  dear? You  know  I'm  crying,  ooh  ooh  ooh  ooh  ooh Now  go,  go,  go  where  you  want but  don't  leave me  here forever. You,  you,  you  stay  away so long girl.  I  see  you  never. What can I do girl to get through  to  you? Cause  I  love  you baby. Standing  here  baptised  in  all  my  tears, baby  through  the  years, You  know  I'm  crying,  ooh  ooh  ooh  ooh  ooh You  never  ever  worry and  you  never  shed  a  tear. You're  saying  that  my  love  ain't  real just  look  at  my  face,  these  tears  ain't  drying. You,  you,  you  can  never  say that  I'm  not  the  one  who  really  loves  you. I  pray,  pray,  pray  ev'ry  day that  you'll  see things  girl,  like Ido. What  can I do girl to get  through  to  you? Cause  I  love you, baby. Standing  here  baptised  in  all  my  tears, baby  through  the  years, You  know  I'm  crying,  ooh  ooh  ooh  ooh  ooh. You  never  ever  worry and  you  never  shed  a  tear. You're  saying  that  my  love  ain't  real just  look  at  my  face,  these  tears  ain't  drying. You,  you,  you  can  never  say that  I'm  not  the  one  who  really  loves  you. I  pray,  pray,  pray  ev'ry  day that  you'll  see things  girl,  like I do. What  can  I do girl to get  through  to  you? Cause  I  love you, baby. Standing  here  baptised  in  all  my  tears, baby  through  the  years, You  know  I'm  crying,  ooh  ooh  ooh  ooh
Alan Rankin Jones - Easy Street.xml
Easy Street, I'd love to live on Easy Street. Nobody works on Easy Street. Just sit around all day, just sit and play the horses. Life is sweet for folks that live on Easy Street. No weekly payments you must meet that makes your hair turn gray. When oppor tunity comes knockin' you just keep on with your rockin' 'cause you know your fortune's made. And if the sun makes you perspire there's a man that you can hire to plant trees so you can have shade on Easy street, I'm telling ev'ry one I meet If I could live on Easy Street I wouldn't want no job today. so please go 'way.
Harry Warren, Jack Brooks - The Rose Tattoo.xml
He wore the rose tattoo, to prove his love was true. But hearts can lie so why deny that roses fade and love can die. She'll wait her whole live through like fools and dreamers do. She'll go on caring for one whose wearing the rose, the rose tattoo. She'll wait her whole life thnrough like fools and dreamers do. She'll go on caring for one whose wearing the rose, the rose tattoo. She'll go on caring for one whose wearing the rose, the rose tattoo.
Marc Bolan - Children Of The Revolution.xml
Well you can bump and grind If it's good for your mind. Well you can twist and shout let it all hang out But you won't fool the children of the revolu tion, now you won't fool the children of the revolu tion now now now.  Well you can tear a plane in the fal ling rain I got a Rolls Royce 'cause it's good for my voice. But you won't fool the children of the revolu tion, now you won't fool the children of the revolu tion now now now. But you won't fool the children of the revolu tion, now you won't fool the children of the revolu tion now you won't fool the children of the revolu tion no way!
Lyle Gaston, Hank Thompson - The Blackboard of My heart.xml
When I was young and went to school they taught me how to write to take the chalk and make a mark and hope it turns out right Well thats the way it is with love and what you did to me I wrote it so you;d know that I was yours eternally But my tears have washed I love you from the blackboard of my heart Its too late to clean the slate and make another start I'm satisfied the way things are although were far apart My tears have washed I love you from the blackboard of my heart If you'd been true the way you should and not have gone astray these tears would not have fallen down and washed the words away no need to talk for if the chalk should write these words again It will be for someone else not things that might have been. heart.
Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer - Darling Lili.xml
Darling Lili is an angel from heaven come to see us a little while. Stagedoor Johnnies wait for her, our boys encore her; They just adore her style. DarlingLili doesn't dream of the hearts she keeps on breaking with just a smile. But you'd better just forget her; Toddle off and let her be, Leave that darling, darling Lili to me. Darling Lili put a light in the window, and keep wearing that bonny smile. On those cold railway benches, or in the trenches, Warm up our hears awhile. Darling Lili, blow a kiss to us dearie, as we travel each weary mile. Not for mother, or each oth er, Are we off to end this war. You're the darlin' we'll be winning it
John Davy, Andrew Cherry - Bay of Biscay O.xml
Loud roar'd the dreadful thunder, The rain a deluge show'rs, The clouds were rent asunder By lightning'svivid pow'rs, The night was drear and dark, Our poor de voted ba rk, 'Til ne'xt day there she lay In the Bay of Biscay O! 'Til next day there she lay In the Bay of Biscay O
Frank Loesser - The Ugly Duckling.xml
There once was an ugly ducklingwith feathers all stubby and brown and the other birds in so many words said: zz get out of town zz get out! zz get out! zz get out of town and he went with a quack and a waddle and a quack in a flurry of Eiderdown
Jerry Herman - The Best Of Times.xml
best of times is now Whats left of summer but a faded rose? the best of times is now as for tomorrow well, who knows? who knows? who knows? so hold this momentfast and live and love as hard as you know how and make this moment last because the bestof times is now is now is now Now not some forgotten yesterday now to morrow is too far abest of times is now is now is now the best of times is now whats left of summer but a faded rose the best of times is now as for tomorrow well who knows? who knows, who knows best of times is now is now is now is now is now.
Allie Wrubel, Herb Magidson - Gone With The Wind.xml
Gone with the wind, just like a leaf that has blown away. Gone with the wind, my fomance has blown away. Yesterday's kisses are still on my lips I had a lifetime of Heaven at my fingertips. But now all is gone, gone is the rapture that filled my heart. Gone with the wind, the gladness that filled my heart. Just like a flame, love burned brightly then became an empty smoke dream that has gone, gone with the wind.
Michael Nolan - Little Annie Rooney.xml
She's my sweetheart I'm her beau. She's my Annie I'm her Joe Soon we'll marry Never to part Little Annie Rooney is my sweetheart.
John Jacob Loeb, Carmen Lombardo - Seems Like Old Times.xml
Remember all the things we did together, all the fun we had on New Years Eve, how we danced till dawn, then darling you were gone, now it's almost too good to believe. Seems like old times, having you to walk with. Seems like old times, having you to talk with, And it's still a thrill just to have my arms around you, Still the thrill that it was the day I found you. Seems like old times, dinner dates and flowers, just like old times, staying up for hours, Making dreams come true, doing things we used to do, seems like old times, being here with you.
Les Kettley - Get a Life.xml
There must be something more to life than working nine to five, or making widgets by the score, for a boss who expects more, just look around you can you see, someone who's really happy, don't end up like them do your thing, get a life and have a fling. Get a life, get a life, get a better life, get a better life with me, get a life, get a life, get a better life, we'll get a better life you'll see. you'll see.
John Redmond, James Cavanaugh, Frank Weldon - Christmas in Killarney.xml
The holy green, the ivy grenn the prettiest picture you've evver seen is Christmas in Killarney With all of the floks at home. It's nice, you know, to kiss your beau while cuddling under the mistletoe and Santa Claus you know, of course, is one of the boys from home. The door is always open; The neighbors pay a call and father John before he's gone will bless the house and all How grand it feels to click your heels and join in the fun of the jigs and reels; I'm handing you no blarney The likes you've never known is Christmas in Killarney with all of the folks at home.
Harold Arlen, Ira Gershwin - The Man That Got Away.xml
The night is bitter, The stars have lost their glitter, The winds grow colder and suddenly you're older, And all because of the man who got away. No more his eager call, The writing's on the wall, The dreams you dream'd have all gone astray. The man that won you has gone off and undone you. That great beginning has seen the final inning. Don't know what happened, It's all a crazy game! No more that alltime thrill, For you've been thru the mill, And never a new love will be the same. Good riddance! Goodbye! Ev'ry trick of his you're on to, But, fools will be fools, And where's he gone to? The road gets rougher, It's lonlier and tougher, With hope you burn up, Tomorrow he may turnup,. There's just no let up, The live long night and day! Ever since this world began There is nothing sadder than, A one man woman looking for the man who got away.
Tommy Jones, Pee Wee King - Blue Grass Waltz.xml
we were danc ing that night in the moon light. when the or ches tra played our tune we walt zed that night in ken tuck y, 'neath the beau ti ful blue gra ss moon they are play ing the bl ue grass waltz,, love it was to have been our lsong but now that we have part ed, it seems that all li fe has
Andrae Crouch - I Find No Fault In Him.xml
I find no fault in Him, I find no fault in Him Yet he was rejected despised of men but I find no fault in Him They led Christ to Calvary But He never said one word Just the cries of lost sinners Was all the Savior heard And then they pierced Him in His side, and the blood came streaming down, And that's how He purchased my salvation, And I find no fault in Him!
John Kander, Fred Ebb - Theme From New York, New York.xml
Start spreading the news, you're leaving today I want to be a part of it, New York, New York Your vagabond shoes, they are longing to stray, And step around the heart of it, New York, New York. I wanna wake up in that city that doesn't sleep. And find you're king of the hill, top of the heap. Your small town blues, melting away. I gonna make a brand new start of it in old New York. You always make it there, you make it anywhere. It's up to you, New York, New York. Da da da da da da da da da do do day. Ba da da cla da ba ba ba ba da in New York, New York. I wanna wake up in that city that doesn't sleep. And find I'm king of the hill, top of the list, A number one, king of the hill. These little town blues, they have all melted away. And I'm gonna make a brand new start of it right there in old New York. You always make it there, you make it anywhere. Come on, come through New York, New York. New York.
Noel Gay, Douglas Furber - Lambeth Walk.xml
Lambeth you've never seen the skies aint blue the grass aint green it hasnt got the May fair touch but that dont matter very much we play the Lambeth way not like you out a bit more gay and when we have a bit of fun Oh Boy Any time you're Lambeth way any evening any day You'll find us all doin the Lambeth walk ev ry little Lambeth gal with her lit tle Lambeth pal You'll find em all doin the Lambeth walk evrything free and easy do as you darn well pleasey why dont you make your way there go there stay there once you get down Lambeth way evry evening evry day you'll find yourself doin the Lambeth walk walk.
Kris Kristofferson - Help Me Make It Through The Night.xml
Take the ribbons from your hair shake it loose and let it fall Layin soft upon my skin like the shadows on the wall Come and lay down by my side till the early morning light all I'm takin is your time
Mel Torme, Robert Wells - The Christmas Song.xml
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire, Jack Frost nipping at your nose, yuletide carols being sung by a choir and folks dressed up like Eskinos. Ev'rybody knows a turkey and some mistle toe help to make the season bright. Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow will find it hard to sleep tonight. They know that Santa's on his way; he's loaded lots of toys and goodies on his sleigh, and ev'ry moth er's child is gonna spy to see if reindeer really know how to fly. And so I'm offering this simple phrase to kids from one to ninety two Al though it's been said many times, many ways, "Merry Christmas to you." you."
Bob Merrill - Love Makes The World Go Round.xml
love makes the world go round love makes the world go round somebody soon will love you if no one loves you now high in some silent sky love sings a silver song making the earth whirl softly love makes the world go round
Patrick Swayze - She's Like the Wind.xml
She's like the wind thru my tree She rides the night next to me She leads me thru moonlight Only to burn me with the sun She's taking my heart But she doesn't know what she's done Feel her breath in my face Her body close to me Can't look in her eyes She's out of my league Just too fool to believe I have anything she needs She's like the wind I look in the mirror & all I see Is a young old man with only a dream Am I just foolin' myself it's just stop the pain Living without her I go insane Feel her breath in my face Her body close to me Can't look in her eyes She's out of my league Just too fool to believe I have anything she needs She's like the wind Feel your breath in my face Your body close to me Can't look in your eyes You're out of my league Just too fool to believe She's like the wind
Traditional French Carol - Sing We Now Of Christmas.xml
Sing we now of Christmas, Noel sing we here. Sing our grateful praises to the maid so dear. Sing we Noel! The King is born, Noel. Sing we now of Christmas, sing we here Noel.
Fred Fisher, Alfred Bryan - Peg O' My Heart.xml
Peg o' my heart I love you. Don't let us part, I love you. I always knew, it would be you, since I heard your lilting laughter. It's your Irish heart I'm after. Peg o' my heart, your glances make my heart say, "How's chances?" Come, be my own, come make your home in my heart. Peg o' my heart, I love you. We'll never part, I love you. Dear little girl, sweet little girl, sweeter than the Rose of Erin are your winning smiles endearin'. Peg o' my heart, your glances with Irish art, entrances.	 Come, be my own, come make your home in my heart.
J. Fred Coots, Sam M. Lewis - A Beautiful Lady In Blue.xml
Evryone loves a love story told of a maid and a man but listen to my love story it ended before it began A beautiful lady in blue we met just like two shadows do not one word was said, she kissed me and fled and our little romance was thru A beautiful lady in blue she thought I was someone she knew her lips so divine were not meant for mine the night seemed to laugh at us too How did I know she was lovely? there wasnt a moonbeam aglow how would I know theres a Heaven unless my heart told me so? a beautiful lady in blue and strange as it may sound to you a lifetime was spent in one little moment with a beatiful lady in blue A blue
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - The last time I saw Paris.xml
The last time I saw Paris her heart was warm and gay, I heard the laughter of her heart in evry street cafe. The last time I saw Paris her trees were dressed for spring and lovers walked beneath those trees and birds found songs to sing I dodged the same old taxi cabs that I had dodged for years, the chorus of the squeaky horns was music to my ears the last time I saw Paris her heart was warm and gay No matter how they change her I'll remember her that way.
Hermann Lohr, D. Eardley-Wilmot - Little Grey Home In The West.xml
When the golden sun sinks in the hills, And the toil of a long day is o'er Though the road may be long, in the lilt of a song I forget I was weary before. far ahead, where the blue shadows fall I shall come to contentment and rest; And the toils of the day will be all charmed away in my little grey home of the west There are hands that will welcome me in. There are lips I am burning to kiss. There are two eyes that shine just because they are mine, And a thousand things other men miss. It's a corner of heaven itself, Though it's only a tumbledown nest, But with love brooding there, why, no place can compare With my little grey home in the west.
Vincent Rose, Harry Owens - Linger Awhile.xml
The stars shine above you, Yet linger awhile; They whisper "I love you," So linger awhile. And when you have gone away, Each hour will seem a day. I've something to tell you, So linger awhile. The while.
Gordon Lightfoot - Approaching Lavender.xml
If you'd like to spend an afternoon approaching Lavender, You'll feel just fine, but one thing sure, you'll never be the same. If you'd like to try your hand at understanding Lavender, then you must be very sure that life is not a game. The You might even learn a thing or two approaching Lavender, You'll soon be on a one night tour forgetting your own name. You won't need a reason just to be alone with Lavender, for the light so warm and pure will draw you like a flame. colours that surround you there will be the shade of Lavender, shadows dancing evry' where like flowers in the rain. You will find your toungue's on fire while lying next to Lavender, with words you never spoke before, and could not speak a Oh sweet Laventer, I understand you perfectly, There is no way that I can see you living by your self. Oh sweet Lavender, I must be with you constantly, your presence means so much to me, much more than life itself. Oh sweet Lavender, as fragrant as the name you bear, please cast away the clothes you wear, and give your love to me. Oh sweet Lavender, your smile is like the golden sun, I'd love to see you laugh and run, as naked as the If you'd like to spend an afternoon approaching Lavender, then you must be very sure that life is not a game If you'd like to try your hand at understanding Lavender, don't try and get the best of her, she will not share the blame there is no shame.
Tommy Tucker - Hi-Heel Sneakers.xml
Put on your red dress, baby, 'Cause we're goin out tonight. Put on your red dress, baby, 'Cause, we're goin out tonight. And bring some boxing gloves In case some fool might wan'na fight. Put on your hiheel sneekers Wear your wighat on your head. Put on your hiheel sneekers. And your wighat on your head. Well, I'm pret ty sure now ba by, 'Cause you know you're gonna knock 'em dead. I've got my
Norman Luboff, Marilyn Keith, Alan Bergman - Yellow Bird.xml
Yellow bird up high in bana na tree yellow bird you sit all alone like me did your lady frien' leave de nest again? Dat is very sad makes me feel so bad you can fly away in de sky away You more lucky dan me! I also have a pretty gal she not with me today Dey all de same de pretty gal make dem de nest den dey fly away! yellow bird yellow bird.
N.Gimbel, L. Coleman - The Tennessee Wig-Walk.xml
I'm a bowlegged chicken, I'm a knockkneed hen, Never been so happy since I don't know when. I walk with a wiggle and a giggle and a squawk doin' the Tennessee wigwalk Hear a tune on a fiddle On a hardwood floor, Tho' I'm broke and weary and my back is sore, I walk with a wiggle and a giggle and a squawk doin' the Tennessee
Fred Fisher - Chicago.xml
Chicago, Chicago, that toddlin' town, (toddlin' town. ) Chicago, Chicago, I'll show you around, I love it! Bet your bottom dollar you lose the blues in Chicago, Chicago. The town that Billy Sunday could not put down! On State street that great street, I just want to say, just want to say They do things they don't do on Broadway Say, They have the time, the time of their life, I saw a man, he danced with his wife in Chicago, Chicago, my home town. Chitown.
Richard Rodgers - Something Good.xml
Perhaps I had a wicked childhood, Perhaps I had a mis'rable youth. But somewhere in my wicked mis'rable past There must have been a moment of truth. For here you are, Standing there, Loving me, Whether or not you should. So, somewhere in my youth or childhood I must have done something good. Pergood. Nothing comes from nothing, Nothing ever could. So, somewhere in my youth or childhood I must have done something good.
Clifford Harris & Jas. W. Tate - A Broken Doll.xml
You called me baby doll a year ago. You told me I was very nice to know. I soon learned what love was, I thought I knew, but all I've learned has only taught me how to love you. You made me think you lov'd me in return, Don't tell me you were fooling after all For if you turn away, you'll be sorry some day, you left behind a Broken Doll.
Ernie Burnett, George A. Norton - My Melancholy Baby.xml
Come sweetheart mine don't sit and pine tell me of the cares that make you feel so blue what have I done? Answer me hon have I ever said an unkind word to you? my love is true and just for you I'd do almost anything at any time dear when you sigh or when you cry, some thing seems to grip this very heart of mine Come to me my melancholy baby cuddle up and don't be blue all your fears are foolish fancy maybe you know dear that I'm in love with you Evry cloud must have a silver lining wait until the sun shines through Smile my honey dear while I kiss away each tear or else I shall be melancholy too. Now won't you too
Churchill  Kohlman - Cry.xml
If your sweetheart sends a letter of goodbye its no secret you'll feel better if you cry when waking from a bad dream dont you sometimes think its real? but its only false emtions that you feel. If your heartaches seem to hang around too long and your blues keep getting bluer with each song Remember sunshine can be found behind a cloudy sky so let your hair down and go on and cry.
M Rotha (Fritz Rotter) - That's All I Want From You.xml
A  lit tle  love  that  slowly grows  and  grows,  Not  one  that  comes  and  goes,   That's all  I  want  from  you.  A sunny day with  hopes  up  to  the  sky,   A kiss  and  no goodbye,  That's  all  I  want from  you.  Don't let me  down,  oh show me that you care, remem ber when  you give you also get  your  share.  Don't  let me down,  I have no  time  to  waste.  Tomorrow  might not  come  so dreamers  dream to  late.  A little  love that slowly  grows  and  grows,   Not one that  comes  and goes,  That's  all  I  want from  you.
John Phillips, Michelle Phillips - California Dreaming.xml
All the leaves are brown and the sky is grey. I've been for a walk on a winter's day. I'd be safe and warm if I was in L. A. Cal ifornia Dreamin' on such a winter's day. Stopped in to a church I passed along the way. Oh, I got down on my knees And I pretend to pray. You know the preach er likes the cold. He knows I'm gonna stay. California Dreamin' on such a winters day. All the leaves are If I didnt tell her I could leave today. on such a winters day. (California Dreamin') on such a win ters day. (California Dreamin') on such a win ters day.
Sammy Fain, Paul Francis Webster - Secret Love.xml.1
Once I had a secret love that lived within the heart of me. All too soon my secret love became impatient to be free. So I told a friendly star, the way that dreamers often do, just how wonderful you are, and why I'm so in love with you. Now I shout it from the highest hills. Even told the golden daffodills. At last my heart's an open door. And my secret love's no secret any more.
Mosie Lister, 1965 - Goodbye World, Goodbye.xml
I've told all my trob bles good bye Good bye to each tear and each sigh this world where I roam can not be my home I'm bound for a land in the sky I walk and I talk with my Lord I feast ev ery day on His Word Hea ven is near and I can't stay here good bye world good bye Now don't you weep for me when I'm gone 'cause I won't have to leave here a lone and when I hear the last trum pet sound my feet won't stay on the ground gon na rise with a shout, gon na fl y gon na ride with my Lord in the sky Hea ven is near and O can't stay here good bye world good bye I won't have the blues an y more when I step a cross to that shore and I'll ne ver pine for I'll leave be hind my heart aches and tears ev er more A day may be two then good bye to mor row I'll rise up and fly Hea ven is near and I can't stay here good bye world good bye Now don't you weep for me when I'm gone 'cause I won't have to leave here a lone and when I hear the last trum pet sound my feet won't stay on the ground gon na rise with a shout, gon na fl y gon na ride with my Lord in the sky Hea ven is near and O can't stay here good bye world good bye
Erwin Herbert Dutch Wenzlaff, Edward C. Mascari - I Got a Wife.xml
Oh, I got a wife at home, I got a wife at home, I got a wife; she's the apple of my life, But I wish she would leave me alone When I hear "Hang your clothes up, wipe your feet off Goodness sake, don't slam the door fix the socket dry the dishes Can't you do a sin gle chore Hang the pic ture Set the ta ble Don't drop ash es on the floor. Heat the bottle Change the baby You don't love me any more." He don't love her any more There he goes righ out the door He'll be back 'bout half past ten And then she'll start right in again "Tack the shade up, wash the windows, wipe the hand prints off the door Change the light bulb scrub the bathtub Pick the toys up from the floor Tape the lamp cord make some coffee Burn the garbage Oil the door Get the kids in Call my mother You don't love me any more." gain.
Gloria Gaither, Williaim Gaither & Gary Paxton 1977 - More Of You.xml
I'm not try ing to find just some new frame of mind that will change my old point of view for I've been through it all deep in side no things changed I'm not new I'm not work ing a gift or em o thion al lift but one thing I'm long ing to do is to lift up my chp and let you fill it up with just you more of you more of you I've had all but what I want is more of you of things I've had my fill and yet I hun ger still emp ty and bare Lord heear my prayer for mo ore of you I have searched all a round in the husks that a bound but I find no nour ish ment there now my strength al most gone and I feel the pull of des pair yet my thirst drives me on and I stumb le a long o ver ground so bar ren and dry for the spring's just a head Liv ing Wa ter Lord fill me I cry more of you more of you I've had all but what I want is more of you of things I've had my fill and yet I hun ger still emp ty and bare Lord heear my prayer for mo re of you
Johnny Bragg, Robert S.Riley - Just Walking In The Rain.xml
Just walking in the rain getting soaking wet torturing my heart by trying to forget just walking in the rain so alone and blue all because my heart still remembers you People come to windows they always stare at me shake their heads in sorrow saying who can that fool be just walking in the rain thinking how we met knowing things have changed somehow I cant forget just walking in the get.
Traditional adapted by Vernon Dalhart, Percy Montrose or Bradford Barker (disputed) - Oh My Darling, Clementine.xml
In a cavern in a canyon excavating for a mine dwelt a miner forty niner and his daughter Clementine Oh my darling oh my darling oh my darling Clementine you are lost and gone for ever dreadful sorry Clementine Light she was and like a fairy and her shoes were number nine Herring boxes with out topses sandals were for Clementine oh my darling oh my darling oh my darling Clementine you are lost and gone for ever dreadful sorry Clementine.
Leslie Bricusse, Anthony Newley - Who Can I Turn To.xml
Who Can I Turn To when nobody needs me? My heart wants to know and so I must go where destiny leads me. With no star to guide me, and noone beside me, I'll go on my way and after the day, the darkness will hide me. And maybe tomorrow I'll find what I'm after, I'll throw off my sorrow, beg steal or borrown my share of laughter. With you I could learn to, with you on a new day, but Who Can I Turn To if you turn away?
Edward Lockton , Herman Darewski - The Army, the Navy and the Air Force.xml
Theres music on the air there's shouting evry where as the boys go marching by We hear the tramp of feet along the crowded street and our hearts are beating high! they pass us line on line my word but they look fine, see the soldiers straight and tall the sailor lads so true the AirForce boys iun blue, how we love them one and all the Army the Navy and the Air Force have made old Eng lands name Our soldiers and Sailors and our Air men have always played the game they're steady and true and strong and rea dy to do and die and dare the Army the Navy and the Air Force when the call comes they'll be there. The there.
Sammy Fain, Bob Hilliard - Dear Hearts And Gentle People.xml
There's a place I'd like to be and it's back in Tennessee where your friendly neighbours smile and say hello It's a pleasure and a treat to meander down the street That's why I want the whole wide world to know I love those dear hearts and gentle people who live in my home town because those dear hearts and gentle people will never ever let you down They read the good book from Fri "til Monday that's how the weekend goes I've got a dream house I'll build there one day with picket fence and rambling rose I feel so welcome each time that I return that my happy heart keeps laughing like a clown I love the dear hearts and gentle people who live and love in my home town. I love the town.
Karl Hoschna, Otto Harbach - Cuddle Up A Little Closer, Lovey Mine.xml
Sitting here before the embers, Watching pictures fade and glow. Seem as tho' the fire remembers, Scenes of the long ago. You with golden ringlets streaming; Dressed in knickers there am I; Just two kiddies lost in dreaming As we hum this lullaby. Cuddle up a little closer, Lovey mine. Cuddle up and be my little clinging vine. Like to feel you cheeks so rosy, Like to make you comfy cozy, 'Cause I love from head to toesy Lovey mine. mine.
Ted Fiorito, Gus Kahn, Ernie Erdman, Dan Russo - Toot, Toot, Tootsie.xml
Yesterday I heard a lover sigh, "Goodbye oh, me oh my" Seven times he got aboard his train And seven times he hurried back to kiss his love again, and tell her: Toot, Toot, Tootsie goodbye! Toot, Toot, Tootsie, don't cry, The choochoo train that takeS me, Away from you no words can tell how sad it makes me, Kiss me Tootsie, and then, Do it over again Watch for the mail, I'll never fail, If you don't get a letter then you'll know I'm in jail, Tut tut Tootsie, don't cry Toot, Toot Tootsie, goodbye.
Pablo Beltran Ruiz, Norman Gimbel - Sway - Part 2.xml
Like a flower bending in the breeze, bend with me, sway with me When we dance you have a way with me stay with me sway with me. When marimba start to play hold me close make me sway like an ocean hugs the shore, hold me close, sway me more. Like a flower bending in the breeze, bend with me, sway with me, when we dance you have a way with me, stay with me, sway with me!
Richard Carpenter and John Bettis - Yesterday Once More.xml
When I was young I'd listen to the radio waitin' for my favrite songs when they played I'd sing along it made me smile, Those were such happy times and not so long ago how I wondered where they'd gone But they're back again just like a long lost friend all the songs I love so well Ev'ry shalalala ev'ry wo wo still shines. Ev'ry shinga lingaling that they're startin' to sing so fine when they get to the part where he's breaking her heart it can really make me cry just like before It's yesterday once more. (Shoobie do lang lang.) Lookin' back on how it was in years gone by and the good times that I had makes today seem rather sad so much has changed. It was songs of love that I would sing to them and I'd memorise each word. Those old melodies still sound so good to me as they melt the years away.All my best memories come back clearly to me some can even make me cry just like before.Ev'ry Shalalala ev'ry wowo still shines ev'ry shingalingaling that they're startin' to sing so fine Ev'ry
Oscar Hammerstein II, Richard Rodgers - If I Loved You.xml
If I loved you time and aain I would try to say all I'd want you to know If I loved you words wouldnt come in an easy way round in circles I'd go Longing to tell you but afraid and shy I'd let my golden chances pass me by! Soon you;d leave me off you would go in the mist of day never never to know How I loved you If I loved you
Village People  - Y.M.C.A.xml
Young man, there's no need to feel down. I said, young man, pick yourself off the ground. I said, young man, 'cause you're in a new town There's no need to be unhappy. Young man, there's a place you can go. I said, young man, when you're short on your dough. You can stay there, and I'm sure you will find Many ways to have a good time. It's fun to stay at the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, They have everything for you men to enjoy You can hang out with all the boys It's fun to stay the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal, You can do what about you feel Young man, are you listening to me? I said, young man, what do you want to be? I said, young man, you can make real your dreams. But you got to know this one thing! No man does it all by himself I said, young man, put your pride on the shelf, And just go there, to the YMCA. I'm sure they can Help you today It's fun to stay at the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, They have everything for you men to enjoy You can hang out with all the boys It's fun to stay the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal, You can do what about you feel Young man, I was once in your shoes. I said, I was down and out with the blues. I felt no man cared if I were alive I felt the whole world was so tight That's when someone came up to me, And said, young man, take a walk up the street. There's a place there called the YMCA. They can start you back on your way. It's fun to stay at the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, They have everything for you men to enjoy You can hang out with all the boys It's fun to stay the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal, You can do what about you feel It's fun to stay the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, They have everything for you men to enjoy You can hang out with all the boys It's fun to stay the YMCA. It's fun to stay at the Y.M.C.A, You can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal, You can do what about you feel
Ned Washington, Victor Young - My Foolish Heart.xml
The night is like a lovely tune, Beware My Foolish Heart! How white the ever consstant moon; Take care My Foolish Heart! There's a line between love and fascination that's hard to see on an evening such as this, For they both give the veryy same sensation when you're lost in the magic of the kiss. His/Her lips are much too close to mine, Beware My Foolish Heart But should our eager lips combine Then let the fire start For this time it isn't fascination, or a dreem that will fade and fall apart, It's love this time, it's love, My Foolish Heart. The
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Tammy.xml
I hear the cottonwoods whisp'rin above Tammy Tammy tammy's my love the old hootie owl hootie hoos to the dove Tammy Tammy Tammy's my love does my darling feel what I feel when she comes near? my heart beats so joyfully you'd think that she could hear wish I knew if she knew what I'm dreaming of Tammy Tammy Tammy's my love
Noa - Beautiful that way.xml
Smile, without a reason why Love, as if you were a child Smile, no matter what they tell you Don't listen to a word they say Cause life is beautiful that way. Tears, a tidal wave of tears Light, that slowly disappears Wait, before you close the curtain There's still another game to play And life is beautiful that way. Du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du du Here, in his eyes forever more I will always be as close as you remember from before. Now, that you're out there on your own Remember, what is real and what we dream is love alone. Keep the laughter in your eyes Soon, your long awaited prize Well forget about your sorrow And think about a brighter day 'Cause life is beautiful that way. Du du du du du du du du du du du du du du We'll forget about our sorrows And think about a brighter day, 'Cause life is beautiful that way. There's still another game to play and life is beautiful that way. du. du du du du du
Richard Davies, Roger Hodgson - The Logical Song.xml
When I was young, it seemed that life was so wonderful, a miracle, oh it was beautiful, magical. And all the birds in the trees, well they'd be singing so happily, oh, joyfully, oh, playfully, watching me.  But then they sent me away, to teach me how to be sensible, logical, oh responsible, practical. And they showed me a world where I could be so dependable, oh, clinical, oh, intellectual, cynical. There are times when all the world's asleep the ques tions run to deep For such a sim ple man Won't you please, please tell me what we've learned? I know it sounds absurd. Please tell me who I am  I said, watch what you say They'll be calling you a radical, a liberal, oh, fanatical, criminal. Oh, won't you sign up your name, we'd like to feel you're acceptable, respectable, oh, presentable vegetable. Oh, take, take, take it yeah But at night, when all the world's asleep, the ques tions run to deep For such a sim ple man Won't you please, please tell me what we've learned? I know it sounds absurd. Please tell me who I am who I am who I am who I am
Cole Porter - Too Darn Hot.xml
it's too darn hot. It's too darn hot I'd like to sup with my ba by to night and play the pup with my bab y to night I'd like to sup with my ba by to night and play the pup with my ba by to night but I ain't up to my ba by to night cause it's too darn hot It's too darn hot It's too darn hot I'd like to stop for my ba by to night and blow my top with my ba by to night I'd like to stop for my ba by to night and blow my top with my ba by to night I'd be a flop with my ba by to night cause it's too darn cordding to the kin sey report ev'ry average man you know much prefers to play his fav ourite sport when the temperature is low but when the thermometer goes 'way up and the weather is sizzlin' hot Mister
Jack Anglin, Johnnie Wright, Jim Anglin - One by One.xml
My plans and hope have tumbled down my cas tle of dreams plunged to the ground how can you face me after what you've done you shattered my dreams one by one One by one you broke each vow you made it was you who lied it was me that paid as sure's there's a heaven beyond the sun You'll pay for your lies one by one (2) how can you go to sleep at night dont old mem'ries make you long for daylight you'll pay the price after havin your fun You'll regret each mistake one by one
Francis Henry, Madeline Hyde - Little Girl.xml.1
Little girl, you're the one girl for me, little girl, you're as sweet as can be. Just a glance at you meant love from the start, and oh what a thrill came into my heart. Little girl, with your cute little ways, I am yours, for the rest of my days. And this great big world will be divine, little girl, when you're mine, all mine. Little mine.
James F. Hanley, Grant Clarke - Second Hand Rose.xml
I'm wearing second hand hats second hand clothes that's why they call me second band Rose Even our piano in the parlor, Father bought for ten cents on a dollar. Second hand pearls, I'm weraing second hand curls. I never get a single things that's new. Even Jake the plumber, he's the man I adore, had the nerve to tell me he's been married before. Ev'ryone knows that I'm just Second Hand Rose from Second Avenue. I'm wearing second hand shoes, second hand hose; all the girls hand me*their secondhand beaux. Even my pajamas when I don them. have somebody else's 'nitials on 'em Second hand rings, I'm sick of second hand things. I never get what other girlies do. Once while strolling thru the Ritz a girl got my goat, she*nudged her friend and said "Oh! look their's my old fur coat." ue.
Frank Loesser - Baby It's Cold Outside.xml
I really can't stay, Iv'e got to go 'way, The ev'ning has been so very nice. My mother will star to worry, and father will be pac ing the floor. So really I'd better scurry. Well, maybe just a half a drink more. The neighbors might think say, what's in this drink? I wish I knew how to break the spell. I ought to say "No, no, no, sir!" At least I'm gonna say that I tried. I really can't stay, ah, but it's cold outside I simply must go, the answer is no! The welcome has been so nice and warm. My sister will be suspicious; my brother will be there at the door. My maiden aunt's mind is vicious. Well maybe just a cigarette more. I've got to get home, say, lend me a comb. You've really been grand But don't you see, there's bound to be talk tomorrow At least there will be plenty implied. I really can't stay, ah, but it's cold out side.
Laurie Klein, 1978 - I Love You Lord.xml
I love you Lord and I lift my voice to wor ship you oh my soul re joice take joy my King in what you hear may it be a sweet sweet sound in your ear
A.P.Herbert, Henry Sullivan - A Nice Cup of Tea.xml
I lke a nice cup of tea in the morning for to start the day you see and at halfpast eleven well my idea of heaven is a nice cup of tea
sNOWPATROL - chasing CARS.xml
We'll do it all, ev'rything on our own. We don't need, anything or anyone. If I lay here, if I just lay here Would you lie with me, and just forget the world. I don't quite know how to say how I feel Those three words, I said too much, but not enough Forget what we're told, before we get too old Show me a garden that's bursting into life Let's waste time, chasing cars Around our heads I need your grace to remind me, To find my own If I lay here, if I just lay here Would you lie with me, and just forget the world. Forget what we're told, before we get too old Show me a garden that's bursting into life All that I am, All that I ever was Is here in your perfect eyes they're all I can see I don't know where, confused about how as well just know that these things will never change for us at all. If I lay here, if I just lay here Would you lie with me, and just forget the world.
Kurt Adams, Sammy Gallop - Somewhere Along The Way.xml
Here am I without you Lost without your warm embrace still so mad about you and wondring who took my place I used to walk with you along the avenue Our hearts were carefree and gay How could I know I'd lose you Somewhere along the way The friends we used to know would al ways smile "Hello: No love like our love they'd say The love slipped through our fingers somewhere along the way I should forget but with the loneliness of night I start remembering ev rything you're gone and yet there's still a feeling deep insside that you will always be part of me so now I look for you a long the avenue and as I wander I pray that someday soon I'll find you somewhere along the way. somewhere a long the way.
Edgar Leslie & Joe Burke - A Little Bit Independent.xml
A Little Bit Independent in your walk, A little bit independent in your talk, there's nothing like you in Paris or New Yorkyou're awf'ly easy on the eyes. A Little Bit Independent when we dance, A little bit independent t'wards romance, a bit of sophistication in your glance,and yet you're easy on the
Johnny Mercer, Hoagy Carmichael - Lazybones.xml.1
Lazy bones, sleepin' in the sun, How you 'spec to get your day's work done? Never get your day's work done, Sleepin' in the noonday sun. Lazy bones, sleepin' in the shade, How you 'spec to get your corn meal made? Never get your corn meal made, sleepin' in the evenin' shade. When taters need sprayin' I bet you keep prayin' the slugs fall off of the vine, and when you go fishin' I bet you keep wishin' the fish won't grab at your line. Lazy bones, loafin' thru the day, How you 'spec to make a dime that way? Never make a dime that way, He never heard a word I say
D.Pace, L. Pilat, M. Panzri, A. Blakly, L. Hawkes - MY LITTLE LADY.xml
I think about my baby, a perfect little lady, I think about her shiny golden hair. I've never been a dreamer but ev'ry time I've seen her I start to float away into the air. Oh My little la dy. You can make the sun and moon be gin to shine, and if you can have your way. ev'ry day will be fine, it's no wonder, for as long as I may live I will give you all the love I am able to give I wake up in the morning, without a single warning, before I've finished yawing she is there. I think about my baby, the perfect little lady I think about her shiny golden hair Oh My little la dy 3rd time solo give. la la la la la lala la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
John Denver - I Want To Live.xml
There are chilren raised in sorrow on a scorched and barren plain there are children raised beneath the golden sun there are children of the water children of the sand and they cry out through the universe their voices raised as one I want to live I want to grow I want to see I want to know I want to share what I can give I want to be I want to live have you gazed out on the ocean seen the breaching of a whale? have you watched the dolphins frolic in the foam? Have you heard the song the humpback hears five hundred miles away telling tales of ancient history of passages and home? for the worker and the warrior the lover and the liar for the native and the wanderer in kind for the maker and the user and the mother and her son I am looking for my family and all of you are mine we are standing all together face to face and arm in arm we are standing on the threshold of a dream No more hunger no more killing no more wasting life away it is simply an ideaand I know its time has come. share what I can give I want to be I want to live I want to grow I want to see I want to know I want to share what I can give I want to be I want to live I want to live I want to grow I want to see I want to know I want to share what I can give I want to be I want to live I want to live I want to live!
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - I Guess I'll Have To Change My Plan.xml
I guess I"ll have to change my plan I should have realized there'd be another man! I over looked that point completely until the big affair began before I knew where I was at I found myself upon the shelf and that was that I tried to reach the moon but when I got there, all that I could get was the air, my feet are back upon the ground I've lost the one girl I found.
Julie Brown, Paul Brown, Regina Hicks, Karen Gist - This Is Me.xml
I've always been the kind of girl that hid my face So afraid to tell the world what I've got to say But I have this dream bright inside of me I'm gonna let it show It's time to let you know to let you know This is real this is me I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be now Gonna let the light, shine on me Now I've found who I am There's no way to hold it in No more hiding who I want to be This is me Do you This is me You're the voice I hear inside my head The reason that I'm sing ing I need to find you gotta find you You're the missing piece I need, The song inside of me I need to find you gotta find you This is real This is me I'm exactly where I'm supposed to be Now gonna let the light, Shine on me Now I've found who I am There's no way to hold it in No more hiding who I want to be This is me the missing piece I need The song inside of me You're the voice I hear inside my head the reasonthat I'm singging Now I've found who I am There's no way to hold in it No more hidding who I want to be This is me
Cy Coben, Charles Grean - Sweet Violets.xml
There once was a farmer who took a young miss in back of the barn where he gave her a lecture on horses and chickens and eggs and told her that she had such beautiful manners that suited a girl of her charms a girl that he wanted to take in his washing and ironing and then if she did they could get married and raise lots of Sweet Violets Sweeter than the roses covered all over from head to toe covered all over with Sweet V i o lets (2) the girl tol the farmer that he'd better stop and she called her father and he called a taxi and got there before very long cause someone was doing his little girl right for a change and so thats why he said if you marry her son you're better off single cause its always been my belief Marriage will bring a man nothing but lets
Randy Brooks - Grandma Got Run Over By A Reindeer.xml
Grandma got run over by a reindeer walking home from our house Christmas Eve You can say there's no such thing as Santa but as for me and Grandpa we believe She'd been drinking too much eggnog and we begged her not to go but she forgot her medication and she staggered out the door into the snow. When we found her Christmas morn ing at the scene of the attack she had hoofprints on her forehead and incriminating Claus marks on her back!
Richard Rogers, Lorenz Hart - The Blue Room.xml
We'll have a blue room, a new room, for two room, where ev'ryday's a holiday because you're married to me. your wee head upon my knee. We will thrive on, keep alive on just nothing but kisses, with Mister and Missus on little blue chairs. You sew your trousseau, and Robinson Crusoe is not so far from wordly cares as our blue room far away upstairs
John Jacob Niles - I Wonder as I Wander.xml
I won der as I wan der out un der the sky how Je sus our Sav ior did come for to die for poor on ry peo ple like you and like I I won der as I wan der out un der the sky when Ma ry birthed Je sus 'twas in a cow's stall with wise men and far mers and shep herds and all but hight from God's hea ven a star's light did fall and the prom ise if the a ges it did then re call If Je sus had want ed for an y wee thing a star in the sky or a bird on the wing or all of God's an gels in heaven for to sing He sure ly could have it for He was the King I won der as I wan der out un der the sky how Je sus our Sav ior did come for to die for poor on ry peo ple like you and like I I won der as I wan der out un der the sky
Ben Bernie, Maceo Pinkard - Sweet Georgia Brown.xml
No gal made has got a shade on sweet Georgia Brown two left feet but but oh so neat sweet Georgia Brown they all sigh and want to die for sweet Georgia Brown I'll tell you just why you know I don't lie well not that much It's been said she knocks them dead when she lands in town since she came why it's a shame how shecools them down Fellers she can't get must be fellers she ain't met Georgia named her, Georgia claimed her Sweet Georgia
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Mona Lisa.xml
Mona Lisa, Mona Lisa men have named you; You're so like the lady with the mystic smile. Is it only 'cause you're lonely they have blamed you for that Mona Lisa strangeness in your smile? Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa, or is this your way to hide a broken heart? Many dreams have been brought to your doorstep. They just lie there, and they lie there. Are you warm, are you real, Mona Lisa, or just a cold and lonely lovely work of art? Mona art?
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Eight Days A Week.xml
Ooh I need your love babe, guess you know its true Hope you need my love babe just like I need you Hold me love me hold me love me aint got nothin' but love babe Eight days a week Love you evry day girl always on my mind One thing I can say girl love you all the time week Eight days a week I love you eight days a week is not enough to show I care
Lionel Bart - As Long As He Needs Me.xml
As Long As He Needs Me I know where I must be. I'll cling on steadfastly. As Long As He Needs Me. As long as life is long. I'll Iove him, right or wrong; And somehow I'll be strong As Long As He Needs Me. If you are lonely then you will know When someone needs you you love them so. I won't betray his trust. Tho' people say I must. I've got to stay true, just As Long As He Needs Me. As Long As He Needs Me.
Walter Donaldson - At Sundown.xml
Ev'ry little breeze is sighing of love undying at sundown. Ev'ry little bird is resting and feather nesting at sun down. Each little roesbud is sleeping While shadows are creeping. In a little cottage cozy the world seems rosy at sundown. Where a loving smile will greet me and always meet me at sundown, I seem to sigh, I.m in heaven, When night is falling and love is calling me home.
Amy Winehouse, Winehouse - YOU KNOW I'M NO GOOD.xml
Meet you down stairs at the bar and hurt your rolled up sleeves and your skull T shirt You say "What did you do with him to day?" You sniff me out like I was Tan que ray cuz you're my fel low my guy hand me your Stel la and fly By the time I'm out the door You tear men down like Rog er Moore I cheat ed my self like I knew I would I told you that I was trou ble YOU KNOW THAT I'M NO GOOD  Up stairs in bed with my ex boy He's in a place where I can't get joy Think ing of you in the fin al throes this is when my buzz er goes Run out to meet you, chips and pit ta you say "When we marr ied" cuz you're not bit ter "There'll be none of him no more" I cried for you on the kit chen floor Sweet re un ion Ja mai ca and Spain, We're like how we were a gain: I'm in the tub you on the seat lick my lips as I soap my feet Then you no tice lik kle car pet burns My stom ach drops and my guts turn You shrug and its the worst Who tru ly stuck the knife in first?
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Que Sera, Sera.xml.1
When I was just a little girl I asked my mother, what will I be? Will I be pret ty, will I be rich? Here's what she said to me. Que sera, sera, whatever will be, will be the future's not ours to see Que sera, sera what will be, will be. When I was young, I fell in love. I asked my sweet heart, what lies a head? Will we have rain bows, day aft er day? Here's what my sweet heart said. " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " "
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - Let's Fall In Love.xml.1
I have a feeling, it's a feeling I'm concealing, I don't knw why. It's just a mental, incidental, sentimental alibi; but I adore you, so strong for you, why go on stallin'? I am fallin', love is callin', why be shy? Let's fall in love, Why shouldn't we fall in love? Our hearts are made of it, let's take a chance Why be afraid of it? Let's close our eyes, and make our own paradise, Lit tle we know of it Still we can try to make a go of it. We might have been meant for each oth er To be or not to be, let our hearts discover. Let's fall in love, Why shouldn't we fall in love? Now is the time for it, while we are young, Let's fall in love. love.
Sunny Skylar - Gotta Be This Or That.xml
If you ain't wrong, you're right, if it ain't dark, it's light, if you ain't sure, you might, gotta be this or that. If it an't full, it's blank, if you don't spend, you bank, if it and Bing, it's Frank, gotta be this or that. Who can it be if it ain't me? I know it's not your brother. Can't you see it's gotta be one way or the other. Tell me what I must know, if you don't like, I'll go, if it ain't yes, it's no gotta be this or that. gotta be this or that.
Rev. Michael J. Shae, John F. Shae - Notre Dame Victory March.xml
Cheer! Cheer for old Notre Dame. Wake up the echoes cheering her name. Send the volley cheer on high; Shake down the thunder from the sky What tho' the odds be great or small, Old Notre Dame will win over all, While her loyal sons are marching onward to Victory.
James A. Bland - Carry Me Back To Old Virginny.xml
Carry me back to old Virginny, there's where the cotton and the corn and 'tatoes grow. There's where the birds warble sweet in the springtime, There's where this old darkey's heart am long'd to go, There's where I la bor'd so hard for old Massa, Day after day in the fields of yel low corn. No place on earth do I love more sincerely Than old Virginny, the state where I was born.
Frederick Hollander, Ralph Freed - You Leave Me Breathless.xml
You leave me breathless, you heavenly thing. You look so wonderful, you're like a breath of spring. You have me speechless, I'm just like the birds, I'm filled with melody, but at a loss for words. That little grin of yours, that funny chin of yours, does so much to my heart. Oh! Give your lips to me, for darling, that would be the final touch to my heart. You leave me breathless, that's all I can say. I can't say more, because you take my breath away. You leave me way.
Bobby Darin - Things.xml
Evry night I sit here by my window Staring at the lonely avenue Watching lovers holding hands and laughing think ing of the things we used to do thinking of things like a walk in the park things like a kiss in the dark things like a sailboat ride what about the night we cried Things like a lovers vow things that we don't do now thinking bout the things we used to do.
Reginald De Koven, Clement Scott - Oh Promise Me.xml
Oh, promise me that some day you and I will take our love together to some sky. Where we can be alone, and faith renew, And find the hollows where those flowers grew. Those first sweet violets of early spring, Which come in whispers, thrill us both, and sing of love unspeakable that is to be; Oh promise me, Oh promise me! Oh promise me that you will take my hand, The most unworthyin this lonely land. And let me sit beside you in your eyes, Seeing the vision of our paradise. Hearing God's message while the voices roll, They're mighty music to our very sopuls. No love less perfect than a life with thee, Oh promise me, Oh promise me!
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - A Shine On Your Shoes.xml
When there's a shine on your shoes, there's a melody in your heart,. with a singable happy feeling, a wonderful way to start. To face the world ev'ry day, with a deedleum deedidi. Little melody that is making the worrying world go by When you walk down the street with a happy go lucky beat, you'll find a lot in what I'm repeating. When there's a shine on your shoes, there's a melody in your heart. What a wonderful way to start the day.
John Denver - Autograph.xml
Here I am, and closing my eyes again trying so hard not to see all the things that I see almost willing to lie again I swear that it just isn't so, it just isn't me we are never alone even tho we'd like to be Then I go and open my eyes again love in your eyes is the thing that I'd most like to see I'd be willing to die again to know of a place and a time where it always could be to be always with you and you always with me this is my autograph here in the songs that I sing here in my cry and my laugh here in the love that I bring to be always with you and you always with me Say a pray'r and open your heart again you are the love and the light that we all need to see always willing to shine and then peace of this earth is the way that it always can be to be always with you and you always with me you always with me.
Phil Boutelje & Dick Winfree - China Boy.xml
China boy go sleep. Close your eyes, don't peep. Sandman soon will come. While I softly hum, Buddha smiles on you, Moonman loves you too. So while their watch they keep, China boy, go sleep.
John Farrar - You're The One That I Want.xml
I got chills. They're multiplyin' And I'm losin' control. 'Cause the power you're supplyin', (it's electrifyin'!) You better shape up, 'cause you need a man and my heart is set on you. You better shape up; you better understand to my heart I must be true. You're The One That I want You, oo, oo, honey. The one that I want. You, oo, oo, honey. The one that I want. You, oo, oo are what I need Oh, yes indeed. If you're filled with affection you're too shy to convey, meditate in my dirrection. Feel your way. I better shape up. 'cause I need a man who can keep you satisfied. I better shape up If I'm gonna prove that your faith is justified. The
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - When You Walk Through a Storm.xml
When you walk thru a storm Keep your head up high And don't be afraid of the dark. At the end of the storm is a golden sky And the sweet silver song of a lark. Walk on thru the wind, Walk on thru the rain, Tho' your dreams be tossed and blown. Walk on, walk on With hope in your heart And you'll never walk alone, You'll never walk alone.
Sam Cooke - You Send Me.xml
Darling you.... send me I know you.... send me Darling you.... send me honest you do, honest you do, honest you do, whoa 'n' oh.... You.... thrill me I know you.... thrill me Darling, you.... thrill me honest you do. At first I thought it was infatuation, but ooh, it's lasted so.... long. Now I findmyself wanting to marry you and take you home, whoa 'n' oh.... You, you, you, you send me I know, I know you.... send me, oh...... You, you, you, you, you, you send me honest you do.
Felice and Boudleaux Bryant - Bye Bye Love.xml
There goes my baby with someone new. She sure looks happy; I sure am blue. She was my baby 'till he stepped in. Goodbye to romance that might have been. Bye bye love, Bye bye happiness hello loneliness I think i'm gonna cry. Bye bye love bye bye sweet caress hello emptiness I feel like I could die; bye bye, my love, bye bye
Felix Mendolssohn, Charles Wesley - Hark the Herald Angels Sing.xml
Hark the herald angels sing "Glory to the newborn king! peace on earth and mercy mild God and sinners reconciled Joyful all ye nations rise Join the triumph of the skies With angelic host proclaim Christ is born in Bethlehem Hark the Herald angels sing Glory to the new born King!
Marsha J. Stevens, 1969 - For Those Tears I Died.xml
you said you'd come and take all my sor rows you said you'd be there for al my to mor rows I came so close to send ing you a way but just lke you prom ised you came in to stay I just had to pray and Je sus said come to the wa t er stand by my side I know you are thirs ty you won't be de nied I felt ev ery tear drop when in dark nes you cried and I spoke to re mind you that for those tears I died your good ness so great I can't un der sta nd and dear Lord I know that all this was plan ned I know that your're here now and always will be your love loosed my chains and in you I'm free but Je sus why me? and Je sus said come to the wa t er stand by my side I know you are thirs ty you won't be de nied I felt ev ery tear drop when in dark nes you cried and I spoke to re mind you that for those tears I died Je sus I give you my heart and my so ul I know that with out you I'd never be wh ole Sav ior you op ened all the right doors and I thank an praise you from earth's hum ble shores take me I'm your's and Je sus said come to the wa t er stand by my side I know you are thirs ty you won't be de nied I felt ev ery tear drop when in dark nes you cried and I spoke to re mind you that for those tears I died
Gabriel Ruiz, Sunny Skylar - AMOR.xml
Amor, AmorA morThis word so sweet that I re peat Means I a dore you more, A mor my Would you denythis heart that I have placed before you I can't find another word with meaning so clear My try to whisper sweeter things in your ear But somehow or other nothing sounds quite so dear, As this soft caressing word I know Amor Amor Amor When you're away there is no day and nights are lonely Amor Amor my love make life divine, Say you'll be mine, and love me only. A
John Lennon and Paul McCartney - I saw her standing there.xml
Well she was just seventeen you know what I mean and the way she looked was way beyond compare so how could I dance with another oh when I saw her standing there. Well she looked at me and I I could see that before too long I'd fall in love with her she wouldnt dance with another oh when I saw her standing there well my heart went zoom when I crossed that room and I held her hand in mine oh we danced through the night and we held each other tight and before too long I fell in love with her Now I'll never dance with another oh when I saw her standing since I there there
Al Hoffman & Dick Manning - Takes Two To Tango.xml
Takes Two To Tango, two to tango, two to really get the feeling of romance. Let's do the tango, do the tango, do the dance of love. ...You can sail on a ship by yourself, take a nap or a nip by yourself, You can get in to debt on your own, There are lots of things that you can do alone. But, takes
Charles P. Jones 190 - I Would Not Be Denied.xml
When pangs of fear seized on my soul un to the Lord I cried Till Je sus came and made me whole I would not be de nied I would not be de nied I would not be de nied till Je sus came and made me whole I would not be de nied As Ja cob in the days of old I wrest led with the Lord and in stant ly with cour age bold I stood up on His word I would not be de nied I would not be de nied till Je sus came and made me whole I would not be de nied Old Sat an said my Lord was gone and would not hear my prayer but priaise the Lord the work is done and Christ the Lord is here I would not be de nied I would not be de nied till Je sus came and made me whole I would not be de nied
Cole Porter - Let's Do It (Let's Fall in Love).xml
Birds do it, bees do it, Even educated fleas do it, Let's do it Let's fall in love, In Spain the best upper sets do it, Lithuanians and Letts do it, Let's do it, Let's fall in love. The Dutch in old Amsterdam do it sponges they say, do it, Oysters down in Oyster Bay, do it, Let's do it, Let's fall in love. Cold Cape Cod clams 'gainst their wish, do it, Even lazy jellyfish do it, Let's do it, Let's fall in love. Electric eels, I might add, do it Not to mention the Finns. Folks in Siam do it, Think of Siamese twins. Some Argentines without means do it People say in Boston even beans do it Let's do it, Let's fall in love.
Hoagy Carmichael - Rockin' Chair.xml
Old Rockin' Chair's got me, Cane by my side. Fetch me that gin, son, 'fore I tan your hide. Can't get from this cabin, goin' nowhere; Just sit me here grabbin' at the flies 'round this rockin' chair. My dear old Aunt Harriet, In heaven she be, Send me sweet chari ot, For the end of the trouble I see. Old rockin chair gets it, Judgment day is here, chained to my Rockin' Chair.
Carl Fischer, Frankie Laine - We'll Be Together Again.xml
No tears, no fears, Remember there's always tomorrow, So what if we have to part, We'll be together again. Your kiss, your smile, Are mem'ries I'll treasure forever, So try thinking with your heart, We'll be together again. Times when I know you'll be lonesome, Times when I know you'll ber sad, Don't let temptation surround you, Don't let the blues make you bad. Someday, some way, We both have a lifetime before us, For parting is not goodbye, We'll be together again. No gain.
Charles Brown and Gene Redd - Please Come Home For Christmas (Transcribed Blues).xml
Bells will be ringing the sad, sad news. Oh, what a Christmas to have the blues. My ba by's gone. I have no friends to wish me greetings once again. Choirs will be singing "Silent Night". A Christmas carol by candle light. Please come home for Christmas! Please come home for Christmas! If not for Christmas, by New Year's night. Friends and relations send salutations sure as the stars shine above. But this is Christmas! Yes, Christmas my dear. The time of year to be with the one you love. So won't you tell me you'll never more roam. Christmas and New Year will find you home. There'll be no more sorrow, no grief and pain and I'll be happy, happy, once again. There'll be no more sorrow, no grief and pain and I'll be happy happy once again. Friends and relations send salutations sure as the stars shine above. But this is Cristmas! Yes, Christmas my dear. The time of year to be with the ones you love. So won't you tell me you'll never more roam. Christmas and New Year will find you home. There'll be no more sorrow, no grief and pain and I'll be happy, happy, once again. I'll be happy, Christmas, once again.
Jerry Vale - Have You Looked Into Your Heart (Transcribed).xml
Have you looked into your heart? Did you find a memory or two? Even though the flame has died, maybe there's a spark inside. Have you looked into your heart? Have you searched through all your dreams? Did you ever find a trace of me? Even though you say we're through, that I'm not the one for you. Have you looked into your heart? When the evening shadows fall upon my window pane. I find I'm crying over and over and over and over again. Ever since we've been apart all I do is pray for your return. Take a look and you will see maybe there's a place for me. Have you looked into your heart? Ever since we've been apart all I do is pray for your return. Take a look and you will see maybe there's a place for me. Have you looked into your heart?
Sigmund Romberg - When I Grow Too Old To Dream.xml
When I grow too old to dream I'll have you to remember When I grow to old to dream your love will live in my heart So kiss me my sweet and so let us part And when I grow too old to dream that kiss will live in my heart
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - Serenade In Blue.xml
When I hear the serenade in blue., I'm somewhere in another world alone with you, sharing all the joys we used to know many moons ago Once again your face comes back to me, just like the theme of some forgotten melody in the album of my memory, Serenade in blue. It seems like only yesterday , a small cafe a crowded floor, and as we dance the night away, I hear you say "Forever more," and then the song became a sigh, forever more became goodbye, but you remained in my heart. So tell me darling, is there still a spark or only lonely ashes of the flame we knew; should I go on whistling in the dark? Sere nade in blue. blue.
Frederick Hollander, Dr. Seuss - Because We're Kids.xml
Now just because we're kids because we're sort of small because we're closer to the ground and you are bigger by the pound you have no right you have no right to push and shove us little kids around now just because you're throat has got a deeper voice and lots of wind to blow it at little kids who don't dare shout you have no right you have no right to boss and beat us little kids around just because you've whiskers on your face to shave you tret us like a slave so what? it's only hair just because you wear your wallet near your heart you think you're twice as smart you know it isn't fair but we'll grow up someday and when we do I pray we won't just grow in size and sound and just be bigger by the pound I'd hate to grow like some I know who push and shove the little kids around shove the little kids around just because we're kids
Kevin Cavanaugh - THREE DAYS GONE.xml
Lov er Lov er Lov ver THREE DAYS GONE and its gon na seem for ev er THREE DAYS GONE and I won't go to bed Can last night keep our selves tied ov er? THREE DAYS GONE my hopes with you I send THREE DAYS GONE can't life sit still and won der? NO! We've got our work but time is oh so fleet ing Last night you stretched your hand and I was there to take it I know this kiss is un til our next meet ing THREE DAYS GONE and here I stand so sto ic I'd rath er lean on you for all tom or rows THREE DAYS GONE may be I'll just play pi an o Part ing brings such sweet sor row Part ing brings such sweet sor row Part ing brings such sweet sor row Part ing brings such sweet sor row Part ing brings such sweet sor row
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - All You Need Is Love.xml
Love love love love love love love love love There's nothing you can do that can't be done Nothing you can sing that can't be sung Nothing you can say but you can learn how to play the game it's ea sy Ther's nothing you can make that can't be made Nothing you can save that van't be saved Nothing you can do but you can learn how tobe you in time All you need is love all you need is love all you need is love love love is all you need love love love love love love love love love All you need is love all you need is love love love is all you need love is all you need love is
Edward R. White, Jack Wolf Fine, Mack Wolfson - The Ring.xml
A plain golden ring on her finger, She wears it as tho' she were wed, his promise of marriage still lingers 'cause she still believes what he said. He gave her the ring that his mother wore, the same ring his granmother wore before, He swore he'd love her for ever more, but the wedding was never to be A plain golden ring on her finger, she wears it as tho' she were wed his promise of marriage still lingers she'll always believe what he said.
John Denver - Follow me.xml
It's by far the hardest thing I've ever done to be so in love with you and so alone follow me where I go what I do and who I know make it part of you to be a part of me follow me up and down all the way and all around take my hand and say you'll follow me Its long been on my mind you know its been a long long time I'll try to find the way that I can make you un derstand the way I feel about you and just how much I need you to be there where I can talk to you when there's no one else around follow Yousee I'llike to share my lifewith you and show you things I've seen places that I'm going to places where I've been to have you there beside me and never be alone and all the time that you're with me then we will be at home. followway take my hand and say you'll follow me.
Dimitri Tiomkin, Ned Washington - High noon.xml
Do not forsakeme oh my darlin on this our wedding day do not forsake me oh my darlin wait wait along I do not know what fate awaits me I only know I must be brave and I must face a man who hates me or lie a coward a craven coward or lie a cowardin my grave he made a vow while in state prison vowed it would be my life or his an Im not afraid of death but oh what would I do if you leave me? do not forsake me oh my darlin although my love is true and tried do not forsake me oh my darlin although I'm grievin dont think of leavin now that I need you by my side wait along wait along wait along wait along
Bobby Worth, Stanley Cowan - Do I Worry? .xml
Do I worry 'cause you're steppin out? Do I worry 'cause you got me in doubt? Tho' your kisses aren't right, Do I give a bag o' beans? Do I stay home ev'ry night and read my maga zines? Am I frantic 'cause we've lost the spark? Is there panic when it starts turning dark? And when ev'ning shadows creep do I lose any sleep over you? Do I worry? You can bet your life I do! Do I worry when the iceman calls? Do I worry if Niag'ra falls. Tho' you're treatin me like dirt, Do you think I give a snap? Are my nfeelings really hurt when you're in someones lap? Am I curious when the gossip flies? Am I furious 'bout your little white lies, And when all our ev'nings end 'cause you got a sick friend who needs you? Do I worry? You know doggone well I
Hart Pease Danks, Eben Eugene Rexford - Silver Threads Among The Gold.xml
Darling I am growing old Silver threads among the gold shine upon my brown today Life is fading fast away But my darling you will be will be always young and fair to me, yes my darling you will be Always young and fair to me When your hair is silver white and your cheeks no longer bright with the roses of the May I will kiss your lips and say Oh! my darling mine alone alone You have never older grown Yes! my darling mine alone you have never older grown.
Burton Lane, Frank Loesser - I Hear Music.xml
Not that I'm a Punchinnello, just an optimistic fellow with a lot of very mellow music in my soul. Not that I'm a Pollyanna shoutin' out a loud hosanna, It's my singing heart I can't control. I hear music. mighty fine music. The murmur of a morning breeze up there, the rattle of the milk man on the stair. Sure that's music, mighty fine music. The singing of a sparrow in the sky, the perking of the coffee right near by.
Irwin Levine, L.Russell Brown - Tie A Yellow Ribbon Round The Ole Oak Tree.xml
I'm comin home I've done my time now I've got to know what is and isnt mine if you received my letter tellin you I'd soon be free the you'll know just what to do if you still want me If you still want me tie a yellow ribbon round the ole oak tree its been three long years, do ya still want me? if I dont see a ribbon round the ole oak tree I'll stay on the bus forget about us put the blame on me if I dont see a yellow ribbon round the ole oak tree Bus driver please look for me cause I couldnt bear to see what I might see I'm really still in prison and my love she holds the key a,sim ple yellow ribbons what,I need to set me free I,wrote and told her please tree now the whole darn bus is cheering and I cant believe I see a hundred yellow ribbons round the ole oak tree.
A. Manzanero, Sid Wayne - It's Impossible.xml
It's impossible,tell the sun to leave the sky it's just impossible It's impossible ask a baby not to cry, it's just impossible. Can I hold you closer to me, and not feel you going through me, split the second that I never think of you? Oh how impossible. Can the ocean keep from rushing to the shore? It's just impossible. If I had you, could I ever want for more?It's just impossible.And tomorrow should you ask me for the world, somehow I'd get it, I would sell my very soul and not regret it, for to live without your love is just impossible possible impossible. Mm, Impossible.
Will Jennings, James Horner, Mariah Carey - Where Are You Christmas? (Vocal).xml
Where are you Christmas? Why cabn't I find you? Why have you gone away? Where is the laughter you used to bring me? Why can't I hear music play? My world is changing I'm rearranging. Does that mean Christmas chan es too? Where are you Christmas? Do you remember the one yo used to know? I'm not the same one. See what the time's done. Is that why you have let me go?
George M. Cohen - You're A Grand Old Flag.xml
You're a grand old flag, you're a high flying flag; And forever in peace may you wave; You're the emblem of the land I love, The home of the free and the brave. Ev'ry heart beats true under Red, White and Blue, Where there's never a boast or brag; But, should auld acquaintance be forgot, Keep your eye on the grand old flag. You're a flag.
The Killers - WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG.xml
/3. You sit there in your heart ache Wait ing on some beau ti ful boy to to save you from your Old Ways You play for give ness "Watch It Now Here He Comes!" He does n't look a thing like Jes us but he talks like a gen tle man Like you im ag ined WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG  Can we climb this moun tain? I don't know High er now than ev er be fore I know we can make it if we take it slow Let's take it ea sy Ea sy Now Watch It GO! We're burn ing down the high way sky line on the back of a nur ri cane that start ed turn ing WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG And some times you close your eyes and see the place where you used to live WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG They say the dev il's wat er, it ain't so sweet You don't have to drink right now. But you can dip your feet Ev' ry once in a lit tle while Talks like a gen tle man Like you im ag ined WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG I said, he does n't look a thing like Jes us. HE does n't look a thing like Jes us But more than you'll ev er KNOW
Dan Schutte, Based on John 13-16 - As I Have Done For You.xml
I your Lord and Master, now become your servant. I who made the moon and stars will kneel to wash your feet. This is my commadment, to love as I have loved you. Kneel to wash each other's feet as I have done for you.
Johnny Marks - The Most Wonderful Day Of The Year.xml
A packful of toys means a sackful of joys for millions of girls and for millions of boys when Christmas Day is here the most wonderful day of the year! A Jack in the box waits for chidren to shout, "Wake up, don't you know that it's time to come out!" When Christmas Day is here the most wonderful day of the galore scattered on the floor. Ther's no room for more And it's all because of Santa Claus! A scooter for Jimmy a dolly for Sue. The kind that will even say "How do you do!" When Christmas Day is here The most wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, wonderful day of the year
unknown - China Doll.xml
I'm tired of crying and all her lieing thats why I'm buying a China doll her eyes are bluer her faults are fewer her lips are truer my China doll. I'd rather have a doll of clay that I could call my own than someone else just like you with a heart of stone She'll never leave me she'll not de ceive me and never grieve me my China doll
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - This Nearly Was Mine.xml
One dream in my heart, one love to be living for, one love to be living for, this nearly was mine. One girl for my dream, one partner in paradise, this promise of paradise, this nearly was mine. Close to my heart she came, only to fly away, only to fly as day flies from moonlight. Now now I'm alone, still dreaming of paradise, still saying that paradise once nearly was mine.
Richard Adler, Jerry Ross - Hernando's Hideaway.xml
I know a dark secluded place a place where noone knows your face a glass of wine a fast embrace it's called Her nan dos Hide a way O Lay! All you see are silhouettes and all you hear are castanets, and no one cares how late it gets, Not at Hernando;s Hideaway Olay! At the golden fingerbowl or any place you go you will meet your Uncle Max and evry one you know But if you go to the spot that I am thinking of you will be free to gaze at me and talk of love just knock three times amd whisper low that you and I were sent by Joe then strike a match and you will know You're in Hernando's Hideaway Olay! I way! Olay!
Traditional, Thomas Moore - Bendemeer's Stream.xml
There's a bower of roses by Bendemeer's Stream, And the nightingale sings round it all the day long; In the time of my childhood 'twas like a sweet dream, To sit mid the roses and hear the bird's song. That bow'r and it's music I never forget, But oft when alone in the bloom of the year, I think, "Is the nightingale singing there yet? Are the roses still bright by the calm Bendemeer?"
Owl City - Fireflies.xml.1
You would not believe your eyes if ten million firelies lit up the world as I fell asleep 'cause they fill the open air and leave teardrops everywhere You'd think me rude, but I would stop and stare I'd like to make myself believe that panet earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems. 'Cause I get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs Asthey try to teach me how to dance. a foxtrot above my head a sock hop beneath my bed A disco ball is hanging by a thread.
Jack Lawrence & Ted Shapiro - A Handful Of Stars.xml
A star covered sky, a rose scented lane, The song of a nightin gale And two moonstruck lovers, Living a fairy tale. I recall a story a night of love and glory, A night that left my heart romantic scars; We stood so near to heaven that I reached clear to heaven and gathered you A Handful Of Stars. Sweet remembered hour when love began to flower, With moonlight thru' the trees like silver bars And as the moon grew older I reached across your shoulder, And gathered you A HandFul Of Stars. I placed my fingertips upon your lips and srars fell in your eyes, Moonglow made a halo of your hair; Suddenly you looked at me and dreams began to rise, Oh! what things unspoken trembled in the air, Our hearts were madly beating and then our lips were meeting and Venus seemed to melt right into Mars, Then while we stood caressinr blue heaven sent a blessing A shower of A Handful Of Stars. Stars.
traditional Celtic - I Know Where I'm Going.xml
I know where I'm going, And I know who's going with me; I know who I love, And the Lord knows who I'll marry. Well, I have stockings of silk And shoes of bright green leather, Combs to buckle my hair, And a ring for ev'ry finger. are soft And painted rooms are bonnie, trade them all For my handsome, winsome Johnny. Now, some say he's bad, But I say he's bonnie, Fairest of them all Is my handsome, winsome
Artie Resnick, Kenny Young - Under the Boardwalk.xml
Oh when the sun beats down and melts the tar upon the roof and your shoes get so hot you wish your tired feet were fire proof Under the board walk down by the sea yeah on a blanket with my ba by is where I"ll be (Group..2) out of the sun we'll be having some fun people walking above we'll be falling in love (All) boardwalk from a park nearby happy sounds.from a carousel you can almost taste the hotdogs and french fries they sell walk unthe the board From a
Rudolf Friml & Herbert Stothart, Otto Harbach & Oscar Hammerstein II - Indian Love Call.xml
When I'm calling you oooooooo oo oo Will you answer too oooooo  That means I offer my love to you to be your own If you refuse me I will be blue and waiting all alone But if when you hear my love call ringing clear and I hear your answering echo so dear Then I will know our love will come true You'll belong to me I'll belong to you.
Antoine Domino & Dave Bartholomew - I'm Walkin'.xml
I'm Walkin yes indeed and I'm talkin' 'bout you and me I'm hopin' that you'll come back to me yes I'm lonely as I can be I'm waitin' for your company I'm hopin' that you'll come back to me What ya gonna do when the well runs dry? You're gonna run away and hide I'm gonna run right by your side for you pretty baby I'll even die I'm walkin' yes indeed I'm talkin 'bout you and me I'm hopin' that you'll come back to I'm You're gonna sit right down and cry What ya gonna do when I say "byebye" All you're gonna d0 is dry your eye.
Rube Bloom, Johnny Mercer - Fools rush in.xml
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread and so I come to you my love my heart above my head though I see the danger there if there's a chance for me then I don't care fools rush in where wise men never go but wise men never fall in love so how are they to know? when we met I felt my life begin so open up your heart and let this fool rush in
Eddie Reeves, Jimmy Holiday - All I Ever Need Is You.xml
Sometimes when I'm down and all alone, just like a child without a home. The love you give me keeps me hangin' on, Oh, honey, all I ever need is you. You're my first love you're my last, You're my future, you're my past. And loving you is all I ask, Honey, All I ever need is you. Winters come and they go, and we watch the melting snow. Sure as summer follows spring, all the things you do give me a reason to build my world around you. Some men follow rainbows I am told. Some men search for silver, some for gold. I have found my treasure in your soul, Honey, All I ever need is you. Without love I'd never find the way, Through ups and downs of ev'ry single day. I wont sleep at night until you say, my Honey, All I ever need is you;
Celestine Akins - Waltz of Love.xml
Cling to me Dar ling cling to me Hold me close while we dance whisp per words that I long to Hear Fill this night with Ro mance Let them Play all the songs we love Let this night Ne ver end See the stars they shine a bove is this a dream we're in Or is this our Waltz of love Tell me words That I Won't for get As the mus ic plays on on hold me close while while you dance with me and we'll dance on till dawn Fill this night with sweet mem or ies While we dance cheek to cheek Love me now for ev er dear and whis per in my ear That this is our Waltz of love
Joe Young - I'm Alone Because I Love You.xml
I'm alone because I love you, Love you with all my heart; I'm alone because I had to be true, Sorry I can't say the same about you. Yesterdays kisses are bringing me pain; Yesterdays sunshine has turned into rain. I'm alone beccause I love you, love you with all my heart.
Charles Stepney, Maurice White, Verdine White - That's The Way Of The World.xml
Hearts of fire create love desire take you hlgh and higher to the world you belong.. Hearts of fire create love desire high and hlgher to your place on the throne. We come together on thisspecial day, sing our mesage loud and clear. Looking back, we've touched on sorrowful days, future pass, they disappear. You will find peace of mind, if you look wat down in your heart and soul. Don't hesitate 'cause the world seems cold, Stay yound at heart, 'cause you're never, never old. That's The Way Of The World, plant your flower and you grow a pearl, Child is born with a heart of gold; way of the world, makes his heart so cold. Hearts of fire create love desire take you high and higher to the world you belong.
Barry Mason, Les Reed - The Last Waltz.xml
I wonder should I go or should I stay the band had only one more song to play and then I saw you out the corner of my eye A little girl alone and so shy I had the last waltz with you two lovely people together I fell in love with you the last waltz should last for ever.Thought the love we had was goin strong through the good and bad we get a long and then the flame of love died in your eyes My heart was broke in two when you said goodbye
Colin Griffiths - 'Neath Fijian Skies.xml
as i play my u ke le le in my lit tle ren dez vous, on a gold en south sea is land ,kiss'd by the wat ers blue pa cif ic winds shall blow my thoughts down there to you, till at last we meet a gain back home where dreams come true. nearth fi ji an skies my love nev er dies, to you, dear, i'll al ways be true with palm trees a bove and sweet dreams of love, i'll al ways re mem ber you i'd ex change these fi ji an nights of charms for one more dear, mo ment with you in my arms. and when i re turn to the ki wi and fern we'll nev er part a gain
Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield - Little Devil.xml
Woe, woe, woe, woa! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Hey! Little Devil! ..Hey! Little Devil, you're always runing around, It's time that someone started tamin' you down; There'll be some changes made, your rovin' days are through, Hey! Little Devil, I'm gonna make an angel out of you. ...Hey! Little Devil, you got me all in a whirl, You're a cute Little Devil and I'm gonna make you my girl; You're out to break my heart, but just before you do, Hey! Little Devil I'm gonna make an angel out of you. They say beware but I don't care I love you just the same, You're an old heart breaker and a mischief maker but I'm wise to your game. Woe, woe, woe! Hey! Little Devil ev'rything is gonna be fine. 'Cause someday soon I'm gonna make you all mine; There'll be no runnin' around, you met your "Waterloo," Hey Little Devil I'm gonna make an angel out of you! Woe, woe, woe, woa! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Hey! Little Devil!
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - Alfie.xml
What's it all about, Alfie? Is is just for the moment we live? What's it all about when you sort it out, Alfie? Are we meant to take more than we give, or are we meant to be kind? And if only fools are kind Alfie then I guess it is wise to be cruel. And if life belongs onlyto the strong, Alfie, what will you lend on an old golden rule? As sure as I believe there's a heaven above, Alfie, I know there's something much more, something even nonbelievers can believe in. I believe in love, Alfie. Without true love we just exist, Alfie. Until you find the love you've missed you're nothing, Alfie. When you walk let your heart lead the way, and you'll find love any day, Alfie, Alfie.
Eldo Di Lazzardo, Harold Adamson - The Woodpecker Song.xml
He's up each morning bright and early to wake up all the neighbourhood to bring to evryboy and girlie his happy serenade on wood hear him pickin out a melody peck peck peckin at the same old tree he's as happy as a bumble bee all day long to serenade your lady just find a tree that's shady and when you hear that tick a tick tick tick a tick tick tick a tick tick sing right along come on and try his rhythm and let your hearts beat with him just listen to that tick a tick tick tick a tick tick happy little Woodpecker song
Gloria Shayne, Williard Scott - Judy's Turn To Cry .xml
Cuz now it's JU DY'S TURN TO CRY, JU DY'S TURN TO CRY, JU DY'S TURN TO CRY cuz John ey's come back to me!  When Ju dy left with John ey at my par ty and came back wear in' his ring. I sat down and cried my eyes out Now that was a fool ish thing  It hurt me so to see them dance to geth er I felt like mak ing a scene. Then my tears just fell like rain drops cuz Ju dy's smile was so mean!
Buck Ram - The Magic Touch.xml
You'vegot the magic touch, it makes me glow so much, it casts a spell it rings a bell, the magic touch. WhenI feel your charm, it's like a four alarm; you make me thrill so much, you've got the magic touch. Here I go reelling oh, oh, I'm feeling the glow but where can I go from you? I didn't know too much and then I felt your touch, and now I learn I can return the magic touch. Here I go reeling oh, oh, I'm feeling the glow but where can I go from you? Ididn't know too much and then I felt your touch, and now I learn I can return the magic touch.
Alan Menken, Stephen Schwartz - Colors Of The Wind.xml
You think you own whatever land you land on: the earth is just a dead thing you can claim; but I know ev 'ry rock and tree and creature has a life, has a spirit, has a name. You think the only people who are people are the people who look and think like you,  but if you walk the footsteps of a stranger you'll learn things you never knew you never knew. Have you ever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon, or asked the grinning bobcat why he grinned? Can you sing with all the voices of the mountain? Can you paint with all the colors of the wind? Can you paint with all the colors of the wind? Come run the hidden pine trails of the forest, come taste the sunsweet berries of the earth: come roll in all the riches all around you, and for once never wonder what they're worth. The rainstorms and the rivers are my brothers; the herron and the otter are my friends; and we are all connected to each other in a circle, in a hoop that never ends. How high does the sycamore grow? If you cut it down, then you'll never khnow. And you'll never hear the wolf cry to the blue corn moon, for whether we are white or copper skinned, we need to sing with all the voices of the mountain, need to paint with all the colors of the wind. You can own the earth and still all you'll own is earth until you can paint with all the colors of the wind.
Sammy Fain, Irving Kahal, Pierre Norman - When I Take My Sugar To Tea.xml
When I take my sugar to tea, All the boys are jealous of me. 'Cause I never take her where the gang goes, When I take my sugar to tea. I'm a rowdy dowdy, that's me, She's a highhat baby, that's she. So I never take her where the gang goes. When I take my sugar to tea. Ev'ry Sunday afternoon We forget about our cares. Rubbing elbows ar the Ritz, With those millionaires, When I take my sugar to tea, I'm as Ritzy as I can be. 'Cause I never take her where the gan goes, When I take my sugar to tea. When I tea.
Charles Williams - Jealous lover.xml
The key to love belongs to you It leads to a doorway where dreams come true when you turn the key and look for your lover you find the one that your heart meant to share your lonely a partment when you find the one you're dreaming of You hold till forever the key to love.
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - You And The Night And The Music.xml
You and the night and the music fill me with flaming desire, setting my being completely on fire! You and the nioght and the music thrill me, but will we be one, after the night and the music are done? Until the pale light of dawning and daylight, our hearts will be throbbing guitars, morning may come without warning, and take away the stars. If we must live for the moment, love till the moment is After the night and the music die will I have you?
Kittie L. Suffield, 1924 - Little is Much When God is In It.xml
In the har vest field now rip ened There is work for all to do Hark the voice of God is cal ling to the har vest cal ling you lit tle is much when God is in it lab or not for wealth or fame there's a crown and you can win it if you go in Je sus' name does the place you're called to lab or seem to small and lit tle known? it is great if God is in it and He'll not for get His own lit tle is much when God is in it lab or not for wealth or fame there's a crown and you can win it if you go in Je sus' name when the con flict here is end ed and our race on earth is one He will say if we are faith ful wel come home my child well done lit tle is much when God is in it lab or not for wealth or fame there's a crown and you can win it if you go in Je sus' name
Fed E.Cliffe, George Formby, Harry Gifford - When I'm Cleaning Windows.xml
I go window cleaning to earn an honest bob; For a nosey parker It's an interesting job, Now It's a job that just suits me, A window cleaner you would be If you could see what I can see When I'm cleaning windows. The honeymooning couples too, You should see them bill and coo, You'd be surprised at what they do When I'm cleaning windows, In my profession I work hard, But I'll never stop, I'll climb this blinking ladder till I get right to the top, The blushing bride she looks divine The bridegroom he is doing fine, I'd rather have his job than mine When I'm cleaning windows The Chambermaid sweet names I call, I'ts a wonder I don't fall, My mind's not on my work at all I know a fellow, such a swell,He has a thirst, that I could tell, I've seen him drink his bath as well, Pyjamas lying side by side, Ladies' nighties I have spied, I've often seen what goes inside
Eric Clapton and Will Jennings - Tears in Heaven.xml
Would you know my name If I saw you in heaven? would it be the same if I saw you in heaven? I must be strong and carry on 'cause I know I don'tbelong here in heaven Would you hold my hand if I saw you in heaven? would you help me stand if I saw you in heaven? I'll find my way through night and day 'cause I know I just can't stay here in heaventime can bring you down time can bend your knees time can break the heart have you beggin please beggin please
& Nobel Prize Winner), Charles Gate Dawes (V.P. of U.S.A., Carl Sigman - It's All In The Game.xml
Many a tear has to fall but it's all in the game All in the wonderful game that we know as love. You have words with him and your future's looking dim, but these things your hearts can rise above Once in a while he won't call but it's all in the game Soon he'll be there at your side with a sweet bouquet, And he'll kiss tour lips and caress your waiting finger tips; And your hearts will fly away.
Irving  Berlin - It Only Happens When I Dance With You.xml
It only happens when I dance with you, that trip to heaven 'till the dance is through. With noone else do the heavens seem quite so near. Why does it happen dear, only with you? Two cheeks together can be so divine; but only when those cheeks are yours and mine. I've danced with dozens of others the whole night through, but the thrill that comes with spring when anything could happen, that only happens with you. you.
Doc Pomus, Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller - She's Not You.xml
Her hair is soft and her eyes are, oh, so blue she's all the things a girl should be but she's not you she knows just how to make me laugh when I feel blue she's evrythin a man could wait but she's not you and when were dancing it almost feels the same I've got to stop myself from whisp' ring your name she even kisses me like you used to do and it's just breaking my heart cause shes not you her hair is you
Ray Henderson, Irving Caesar, Jack Yellen - Hold My Hand.xml
Hold my hand and let me feel you near, Hold my hand to tell me you are here, There's so much you're touch reveals so clearly and so sincerely to me my dear And until you tell me with your lips, There's a thrill in just your fingertips, That my heart alone can understand Ev'rytime you hold my hand. Hold my hand.
Leroy Anderson, Mitchell Parish - Sleigh Ride.xml.1
Just hear those sleighbells ringaling ring ting tingalin' too Come on it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you  Let's cut the rug before us and sing a chorus or two Come on it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you Giddy up Giddy up Giddy up let's go Let's look at the show We're riding in a wonderland of snow Gid dy up giddy up giddy up it's grand Just holding your hand We're riding along with a song in a wintery fairy land There is something in the season that the world can't buy When they pass around the coffee and the pumpkin pie It will nearly be like a picture print by Currier and Ives These won derful things are the things we remember through all our lives
Sigmund Romberg, Oscar Hammerstein II - When I Grow Too Old To Dream.xml
When I grow too old to dream I'll have you to remember When I grow too old to dream your love will live in my heart So kiss me my sweet and so let us part and when I grow too old to dream that kiss will live in my heart.
Horace Silver - NICA'S DREAM.xml
A SONG HAPPY AND GAY A SONG THAT WE KNOW ALL THE MUSICIANS WILL PLAY YOU KNOW SO IT WOULD SEEM EVRYBODY LOVES NICA'S DREAM SONG LOADED WITH LOVE A SWEET MELODY GIVEN BY ANGELS ABOVE YOU
Dan Schutte - Only This I Want.xml
Only this I want: but to know the Lord, and to bear his cross, so to bear the crown He wore.  All but this is loss, worthless refuse to me, for to gain the Lord is to gain all I need.   I will run the race: I will fight the good fight, so to win the prize of the kingdom of my Only this I want: but to know the Lord, and to bear his cross, so to bear the crown He wore.
Brian Wilson, Mike Love - Good  vibrations.xml
I I love the colorful clothes she wears and the way the sunlight plays upon her hair I hear the sound of a gentle word on the wind that lifts her perfume through the air I'm picking up good vibrations she's giving me excitations I'm picking up good vibrations she's givingme excitations I"m picking up good vibrations she's giving me excitationsI'm picking up good vibrations she's giving me ex citations Close my eyes she's some how hcloser now softly smile I know she must be kind then I look in her eyes she goes with me to a blossom world she's giving me excitations tations
Hank Williams - Last Night I Dreamed Of Heaven.xml
Last night I dreamed of heaven and I saw my mother there standing with the angels on the golden stair I thought I heard her whisper, welcome, home, my boy last night I dreamed of heaven and it filled my heart with joy, I heard the angels singing songs of peace and rest, and then there was a silence, each eye looked toward the west there sat my Saviour on His golen throne last night I dreamed of heaven my eternal home sweet home
Pat Genaro, Lou Levinson & Bill Borrelli - Here In My Heart.xml
Here in my heart I'm alone and so lonely. Here in my heart I just yearn for you only. Here in my arms I long to hold you, hold you so near, ever close to my heart. So, darling, say that you care, take this heart I give gladly, surely you know I need your love so badly. Here is my heart, my life and my all, dear, please be mine, and stay Here In My Heart.
Blink 182 - Mutt.xml
He pauses shaving and he tells himself that he is the bomb She has her curlers set, her credit cards are paying the funds He's not that old I've been told A strong sexual goal She goes out every day She goes every way oh yeah they don't even care at all She's open waitng for more And I know he's only looking to score And it is way too unhealthy Often they've typicly been starved for attension before She smokes a dozen and he doesn't seem to notice the smell He took the seat off his own bike because the way that it felt He wants to blow this I know, she is ready to blow They go out every night His pants are super tight oh yeah They don't even care at all She's open waitng for more And I know he's only looking to score And it is way too unhealthy Often they've typicly been starved for attension before She's open waitng for more And I know he's only looking to score And it is way too unhealthy Often they've typicly been starved for attension before
Ed. G. Nelson, Harry Pease - In A Shady Nook.xml
In a shady nook by a babbling brook mid the flow'rs I spend hours evry day that old shady nook and that babbling brook they're my memry book since you're away I can hear the strain of the birds refrain but its not the same since we have parted in a shady nook by a babbling brook thats where I fell in love with you.
Allan Roberts, Doris Fisher - You Always Hurt The One You Love.xml
Once I heard a saying Now I know its true and deep in my heart I"m hoping that you'll believe it too You always hurt the one you love the one you shouldnt hurt at all you always take the sweetest rose and crush it till the petals fall you always break the kindest heart with a hasty word you cant recall so if I broke your heart last night it's because I love you most of all you all
Paul McCartney, John Lennon - Good Night.xml
Now it's time to say good night; good night sleep tight. Now the sun turns out his light; good night sleep tight. Dream sweet dreams for me. Dream sweet dreams for you. Close your eyes and I'll close mine. Good night, sleep tight. Now the moon begins to shine, good night sleep tight. Dream sweet dreams for me. Dream sweet dreams for you. Mm mm mm mm Now the sun turns out his light, Good night ev'rybody ev'ry body ev'rywhere good night.
Joe Darion, Larry Coleman, Norman Gimbel - Ricochet.xml
They warned me when you kissed me your love would ricochet your lips would find another and your heart would go astray I thought that I could hold you with all my manly charms but then one day you ricocheted to someone else 's arms and ba   by I dont want a Ricochet romance I dont want a ricochet love If you're careless with your kisses find another turtle dove I cant live on ricochet romance No No Not me If you're gonnaricochet baby I'm gonna set you free when knew the day I met you youd had a roving eye I thought that I could hold you what a fool I was to try You promised you'd be faith ful and you would never stray then like a rifle bullet you began to ricochet and baby free
Claude-Michel Schonberg, Herbert Kretzmer - I Dreamed A  Dream.xml
I dreamed a dream in time gone by When hope was high and life worth living. I dreamed that love will never die, I dreamed that God would be forgiving. Then I was young and unafraid When dreams were made and used and wasted. There was no ransom to be paid, No song unsung, no wine untasted. But the tigers come at night With their voices soft as thunder As they tear your hope apart, As they turn your dream to shame. He slept a summer by my side, He filled my days with endless wonder. He took my childhood in his stride But he was gone when autumn came. And still I dreamed he'd come to me, That we would live the years together But there are dreams that cannot be And there are storms we cannot weather. I had a dream my life would be So different from this hell I'm living, so different now from what it seemed Now life has killed the dream I dreamed.
Beasley Smith, Haven Gillespie - That Lucky Old Sun.xml.1
Up in the morning out on the job, work like the devil for my pay; but that lucky old sun has nothing to do but roll around heaven all day. Fuss with my woman toil for my kids Sweat 'til I'm wrinkled and gray; but that lucky old sun has nothing to do but roll around heaven all day. Good Lawd above can't you know I'm pinim' tears all in my eyes; Send down that cloud with a silver linin' lift me to paradise. Show me the river, take me accross and wash all my troubles away; like that luck y old sun give me nothing to do but roll around heaven all day.
Paul McCartney, Denny Laine - Mull of Kintyre.xml
Mull of Kintyre oh mist rolling in from the sea my desire is always to be here oh Mull of Kintyre. Far have I travelled and much have I seen Dark distant mountains with valleys of green Past painted deserts the sunsets on fire as he carries me home to the Mull of Kintyre.
Cole Porter, Cole Poter - Paris Loves Lovers.xml
Paris loves lovers for lovers it's heaven above Paris tells lovers love is supreme wake up your dream and make love Only in Paris one discovers the urge to merge with the splurge of the spring Paris loves lovers for lovers know that love is ev'ry thing
McGarron, Morgan, Swanstrom - Blues My Naughty Sweetie Gives To Me (Simplified Changes).xml
there are blues that you get from worry oh, there are blues that you get from pain and there are blues when you're lonely for your one and only The blues you can never explain There are blues That you get from long ing But the blueest blue that be Are the kind of blues that's on my mind They're the very meanest kind The blues my naughty sweetie gives to me
Michel Emer, English Lyrics by Geoffrey Parsons - If You Go.xml
If you go, if you love me no more, if I know that you want me no more, then the sun would lose it's light, and day turn into night, night without stars, deep night without stars. If you go, if you leave me alone, if I know you're no longer my own, winter would replace the spring, the birds no more would sing, this cannot be; stay here with me. My heart would die, I know, if  you should go. go.
Anonymous - All My Trials.xml
Hush little baby, don't you cry, You know your mama was born to die. All my trials, Lord, Soon be over. Too late, my brothers. Too late, but nevermind. All my trials, Lord, Soon be over.
Abe Olman, James Brockman - Down Among The Sheltering Palms.xml
Down Among The Sheltering Palms, oh, honey, wait for me, oh, honey, wait for me, don't be forgettin' we've got a date out where the sun goes down about eight. How my love is burning, burning, burning, how my heart is yearn ing, yearning, yearning, to be down among the sheltering palms, oh, honey, wait for me.
Charles N. Daniels, Seymour Rice, Albert H. Brown - You Tell Me Your Dream.xml
Two little children on morning, after their breakfast was o'er. Were laughing and playing together alone on the dining room floor. The girl of a dream hnad been talking, but refused with a toss of her head To tell it all to her playmate, until he coaxingly said. You had a dream, Well I had one too. I know mine's best, 'Cause it was of you. Come sweetheart tell me, now is the time. You tell me your dream, I'll tell you mine.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - I'll Walk Alone.xml
I'll walk alone because to tell you the truth I'll be lonely, I don't mind being lonely when my heart tells me you are lonely too. I'll walk alone They'll ask me why and I'll tell them I'd rather there are dreams I must gather dreams we fashioned the night you held me tight. I'll always be near you, whereever you are, each night in evry prayer. If you call I'll hear you, no matter how far, just close your eyes and I'll be there. Please walk alone and send your love and your kises to guide me 'Till you're walking beside me, I'll walk alone. I'll walk ame.
Neil Sedaka, Howard Greenfield - Love Will Keep Us Together.xml
Love love will keep us together think of me babe whenever some sweet talkin guy comes along singin his song dont mess around you gotta be strong just stop cause I really love ya stop I'll be thinkin of ya look in my heart and let love keep us to geth er You you belong to me now aint gonna set you free now when those guys start hangin around talkin me down hear with your heart andyou wont hear a sound gether whatever young and beautiful but someday your looks will be gone when the others turn you off who'll be turning you on? I will I will willbe there to share forev er love will keepus togeth er saidit before andI'll say it againwhile others pretend I need you now and I'll need you then gether whatever
Noel gay, Ralph Butler - Hey little hen.xml
Hey little hen When when when will you lay me an egg for my tea? Hey little hen when when when will you try to supply one for me get into your nest do your little best get it off your chest and I will so the rest Hey little hen when when when will you lay me an egg for my tea?
Arthur Hammerstein, Dudley Wilkinson - Because Of You (There's A Song In My Heart).xml
Because of you, there's a song in my heart. Because of you our romance had it's start. Because of you the sun will shine, the moon and stars will say you're mine forever and never to part. I only live for your love and your kiss. It's paradise to be near you like this. Because of you my life is now worthwhile and I can smile because of you.
Don Wayne & Bill Anderson 1963 - Saginaw, Michigan.xml
I was born in sag in aw mich i gan I grew up on a house on sag in aw bay my dad was a poor hard work ing sag in aw fish er man too man y times he came home with too lit tle pay I loved a girl in sag in aw mich i gan the dau ghter of a weal th weal thy man but he called me that son of sag in aw fish er man not good en ough to claim his dau ghter's hand now I'm up here in a las ka look in' a round for gold like a cra zy man I'm dig ging in this fro zen ground so cold but with each new day I pray I'll strik it rich and then I'll go home and claim my love in sag in a w mich i gan I wrote my love in sag in aw mich i gan I said honey I'm com ing home please wait for me you can tell your dad I'm com ing home a rich er man I hit the big gest strike in klon diike hist or y her dad met me in sag in aw mich i gan he gave me a great big par ty with cham pagne then he said son you're a wise young am bit ious man will you sell your father in law your klon dike claim? now he's up there in al as ka dig ging inthe cold cold ground the gre edy fool is look in' for the gold I nev er found it serve him right and no one here is mis sing him least of all the new ly weds in sag in aw mich i gan
Jimmy Campbell, Reginald Connelly, Ray Noble - Goodnight Sweetheart.xml
Goodnight sweetheart all my pray's are for you goodnight sweetheart I'll be watching o'er you tears and parting may make us forlorn but with the dawn a new day is born (so I'll say) goodnight sweetheart sleep will banish sorrow goodnight sweetheart till we meet tomorrow dreams enfold you in them dear I'll hold you goodnight sweetheart goodnight.
Paul Desmond, D. Brubeck, I. Brubeck - Take Five.xml
Won't you stop and take a little time out with me. Just take five. Stop your busy day and take the time out to see I'm alive. Tho' I'm goin' out of my way just so I can pass by each day. Not a single word do we say, it's a pantomime and not a place. Still I know all eyes are for me. I feel tingles down to my feet when your smile gets much too discreet, sends me on my way. Wouldn't it be better not to be so polite, you could offer a light. Statrt a little conversation now. It's all right. Just take five. Just take five. When you stop and Just take five. Just take five. Just take five.
Irving  Berlin - This Is A Great Country.xml
This is a great country, a great country, So let's shout it clear and loud. Take a look in your hist'ry book and you'll see why we should be proud. Hats off to Ameri ca, the land of the free and the brave. If this is flag waving, flag waving, do you know of a better flag to wave. this is a wave.
Al Hoffman, Carl Lampl, Jerry Livingston - Close to You.xml
Close to you I will always stay, Close to you Though you're far away. You'll always be near, As though you were here by my side, No matter where. In my dreams I'll find you there. Close to me Sharing you're caress Can't you see You're my happiness. Whereever you go My heart will go too. What can I do? It only wants to be close to you.
Hank Ballard - The twist.xml
Come on baby lets do the twist come on baby lets do the twist take me by my little hand and go like this Ee oh twist ba by ba by twist round and a round and a round and a just just like this round and a round come on little miss and do the twist round and around you should see my little sis you should see my little sis she knows how to rock and she knows how to twist Ee oh twist baby baby twist round and a round and a round and a just just like this round and a round come on little miss and do the twist round and a round.
Christina Perri, Barrett Yeretsian, Drew Lawrence - Jar of Hearts.xml
NO, I can't take one more step towards you, 'cause all thats waiting is regret. Don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore, you lost the love I loved the most I learned to live half alive and now you want me one more time. ...and, Who do you think you are? Running round leaving scars, co llecting your jar of hearts, and tearing love apart. Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul. So, don't come back for me. Who do you think you are? I hear you're asking all around if I am anywhere to be found. But I have grown too stro ng to ever fall back in your arms. I learned to live half alive and now you want me one more time. ...and, Who do you think you are? It took so long just to feel all right. Remember how to put back the light in my eyes? I wish I had missed the first time that we kissed, 'cause you broke all your promises. ...and, now your back... You don't get to get me back! ...and, Who do you think you are? Running round leaving scars, co llecting your jar of hearts, and tearing love apart. Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul. So, don't come back for me. Don't come back at all! ...and, Who do you think you are? Running 'round leving scars, collecting your jar of hearts, and tearing love apart. Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul, don't come back for me. Don't come back at Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are?
Harry Warren, Al Dubin - September in the Rain.xml
The leaves of brown came tumbling down, remember, in September in the rain. The sun went out just like a dying ember, that September in the rain. To ev'ry word of love I heard you whisper, the raindrops seemed to play a sweet refrain. Though spring is here, to me it's still September, that September in the rain.
Quincy Jones, Henri Salvador , Dorcas Cochran - The Midnight Sun WIll Never Set.xml
The midnight sun will never set. It shines forever in my heart. For it was underneath that amber glow, you whisperedlow: "We'll never part." The nidnight sun will never set. So how could our romance be through? For in the ever shining day light of our summer love, the midnight sun was shining too. No more is night a wild delight with all the world on fire. And yet I can't escape the lips I still desire. I see two silent silhouettes. Against a flaming sky and sea. And then I know 'tho I'm a fool to care, again, somewhere the midnight sun will shine for me.
Leo Friedman, Beth Slater Whitson - Let Me Call You Sweetheart.xml
let me call you swetheart I'm in love with you let me hear you whisper that you love me too Keep the lovelight glowing in your eyes so true Let me call you sweetheart I'm in love with you.
Ira Gershwin & Harry Warren - Shoes With Wings On.xml
When I've got shoes with wings on, the winter's gone the spring's on When I've got shoes bwith wings on,the town is full of Rhythm and the world's in rhyme. The Neon City glow's up, my pretty, pretty shows up will dance until they close up,got my guardian angel working over time. I give Aladdin the lamp, Midas the gold, who needs a wizard or magician in the old tradition, that's not competition, I've got 'em beat a thousandfold, why, "Cause I've got shoes with wings on, and living has no strings on, I put those magic things on, and I go flying with 'em and the town is full of rhythm and the world's in rhyme, happens ev'ry time, put my shoes with wings on, yes, Siree, the world's in rhyme.
Frank Henry Loesser - What Are You Doing New Year's Eve?.xml
Maybe it's much too early in the game, ah, but I thought I'd ask you just the same. What are you doing New Year's, New Year's Eve? Wonder whose arms will hold you good and tight when it's exactly twelveoclock that night, welcoming in the New Year's, New Year's Eve. Maybe I'm crazy to suppose I'd ever be the one you chose out of the thousand invitations you'll receive. Oh, but in case I stand one little chance, here comes the jackpot question in advance: What are you doing New Year's New Year's Eve? eVE?
Walter Donaldson, Harold Adamson - Did I Remember?.xml
Did I remember to tell you I adore you, And I am lliving for you alone? Did I remember to say, "I'm lost without you," And just how mad about you I've grown? you were in my arms and that was all I kne we were alone we two, What did I say to you? Did I remember to tell you I adore you, And pray forevermore you are mine?
Willie Nelson - Pretty Paper.xml
Pretty paper, pretty ribbons of blue, wrap your presents to your darling from you. Pret ty pencils to write, "I love you." Pret ty paper, pretty ribbons of blue. Crowded streets busy feet hustle by him. Downtown shoppers, Christmas is nigh. There he sits all alone on the sidewalk, hop ing that you won't pass him by. Should you stop; better not, much too busy you're in a hurry my, how time does fly. In the distance the ringing of laughter and in the midst of the laughter he cries. Pret ty blue.
Mack Gordon and Alfred Newman - Through A Long And Sleepless Night.xml
Through A Long And Sleepless Night I whisper your name. Through A Long And Sleepless Night of who is to blame. Can't help but wonder if you're lonely too as I lie there and toss about, so at a loss about you. How I wish my heart would leave my mem'ries alone. Why must I redream, relive the joys we have known? I pray that someday our love will see the light, 'til then in ticktock silence I'll beg my heart to weep less, all through an oh so long and sleepless night.
Harry Von Tilzer, Andrew B. Sterling - Wait 'Till the Sun Shines, Nellie.xml
Wait till the sun shines Nellie and the clouds go drift ing by We'll be so happy Nellie you and I Down lovers lane we'll wander sweethearts you and I if you will wait till the sun shine Nellie bye and bye.
Bon Jovi - Something for the Pain.xml
Happiness,it's been no friend to me, but for ever after ain't what it's all cracked up to be. Yeah, I had a taste, you were my fantasy, but I almost lost my faith when I hit reality. I don't need no guruto tell me what to do when you're feeling like a headline on yesterday's news. Come on, come on, come on, give me some thing for the pain, give me something for the blues. Give me something for the pain when I feel I've been danglin' on a hangman's noose. Give me something for the pain, give me something I can useto get me through the night, make me feel alright; something like you.Come on, come on, come on. Loneliness has found a home in me. My suitcase and guitar are my only family.I've tried to need someone like they needed me. I opened up my heart, but all I did was bleed. I don't need no lover just to get screwed. They don't make no bandage that's going to cover my bruise. Pull me under, run through my veinsto a place where I feel no pain. Be th pillow under my headcover me when I'm in my bed. Take me higher than I've ever been, take me down and back again. Come to me, be my disguise.Open your coat and let me crawl in side.Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on, give me something for the pain, give me something for the blues. Give me something for the pain when I feel I've been danglin' on a hangman's noose. Give me something for the pain, give me something I can useto get me through the night, make me feel alright; something like you.Come one, come on, come on, come on, come, on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on. Give me, give me something for the pain. Give me, give me something for the blues, oh, yeah. Give me, doctor, give me something for the pain, baby. Give me...
Deryck Whilbey, Greig Nori - Pieces.xml
I tried to be perfect, but nothing was worth it. I don't believe it makes me real I thought it'd be easy, but no one believes me. I meant all the things I said. If you believe it's in my soul, I'd say all the words that I know just to see if it would show that I'm trying to let you know that I'm better off on my own. This place is so empty, my thoughts are so tempting. I don't know how it got so bad. Sometimes it's so crazy that nothing can save me, but it's the only thing that I have.
Louis Alter, Eddie DeLange - Do You Know What It Means To Miss New Orleans.xml
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans and miss it each night and day? I know I'm not wrong, the feelin's gettin' stronger the longer I stay away. Miss the moss covered vines, the tall sugar pines where mockin' birds used to sing. And I'd like to see the lazy Mississipy a hurryin' into spring. The moonlight on the bayou a Creole tune that fills the air; I dream about magnolias in June and soon I'm wishin' that I was there. Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans when thats where you left your heart? And there's something more: I miss the one I care for more than I miss New Orleans.
Larry Kusic and Nino Rota - The Godfather Theme.xml
Speak softly, love, and hold me warm against your heart; I hear your words, the tender, trembling moments start. We're in a world, our very own, Sharing a love that only few have ever known. Winw coloured days warmed by the sun, Deep, velvet nights when we are one. Speak softly, love, so no one hears us but the sky. The vows of love we make will live until we die. My life is yours, and all because You came into my world so softly love
Harry Warren, Johnny Mercer - Jeepers Creepers.xml
Jeepers, creepers! Where'd you get those peepers? Jeepers, creepers! Where' you get those eyes? Gosh all git up! How'd they get so lit up? Gosh all get up! How'd they get that size? Golly gee! When you turn those heaters on, woe is me! Got to put my cheaters on, jeepers, creepers! Where'd you get those peepers? Oh! Those weepers! How they hypnotize! Oh where'd you get those eyes? eyes?
Pebe Sebert, Hugh Moffatt - Old Flames.xml
Down town tonightI saw an old friend someone who I used to take comfort from long before I met you I caught a spark from her eye of forgotten desire with a word or a touch Lord, I could have rekindled that fire But old flames cant hold a candle to you Noone can light up the night like you do flickering embers of love I've known one or two but old flames cant hold a candle to you.
Danny Dill, Mel Tillis - Detroit City (I Wanna Go Home).xml
Last night I went to sleep in Detroit city and I dreamed about the cotton fields and home I dreamed about my mother dear old papa sister and brother and I dreamed about the girl whos been waiting for so long, I wanna go home I wanna go home Oh how I wanna go home Home folks think I'm big in Detroit city from the letters that I write they think I'm fine but by day I make the cars, by night I make the bars if only they could read between the lines I wanna go home I wanna go home Oh how I wanna go home.
Gene DePaul, Don Raye - Star Eyes.xml
Star eyes, that to me is what your eyes are, Soft as stars in April skies are, tell me someday you'll fulfill their promise of a thrill. Star eyes, flashing eyes in which my hopes rise, let me show you where my heart lies, let me prove that it adores that lovliness of yours. All my life I've felt content to stargaze at the skies, Now I only want to melt the stardust in your eyes. Star eyes, when, if ever, will my lips know if it's me for whom those eyes glow? Makes no diff'rence where you are, your eyes still hold my wishing star, oh, star eyes how lovely you are.
Walter Donaldson, Harold Adamson - You.xml
You Gee! but you're wonderful You lovely you! You completely satisfy I'm confessin' that is why there's nobody like you. You So much depends upon you tell me true Will it be my fate at all? Will I ever rate at all with somebody like you. Just to think that you love me Makes my future look strong I swear by stars above me I'm darned if I don't feel like writin' a song a song about You Music and words about you lovely you Let me think up phrases for, let me sing out praises for, nobody but you.
Phil Myers - Dark Cafe.xml
There is a dark café down in the ci ty I went there on a Sunday afternoon I drank a cup of black and bitter coffee and listen'd to a strange enchanting tune The melody was sweet as wine and honey like orchids when they open up to bloom The rhythm had a subtle hesitation as if there were a secret in the room I saw her at a table in the corner Our eyes met in a momentary glance I suddenly was drowning in desire and recklessly I ask'd her for a dance. We danced a slow and beauti ful bolero We moved as one, so easy and so free She closed her eyes and sang the tune so sweetly She open'd them and sang it just to me These days the dark café is nearly empty It's quiet and the doors are closing soon. I still go there and drink the bitter coffee and listen for a strange enchanting tune
Ben  Raleigh, Sherman Edwards - DUNGAREE DOLL.xml
DUNGAREE DOLL! DUNGAREE DOLL! Paint your initials on my jeans, So ev'ry one in town will know we go aroun' together, together, to gether. Dungaree doll! dungaree doll! Paste my picture on your sleeve, So evryone can see that you belong to me, Forever, forever, forever. I want you to wear my orange sweater, The beatup sweater with the high school letter. Gonna make a chain of paper clips And chain us together while I kiss your lips. You dungaree doll! dungaree doll! Promise me you never will fall for any other guy, Tell me you are my DUNGAREE, DUNGAREE, DUNGAREE, DUNGAREE, DUNGAREE, DUNGAREE DOLL! DOLL!
Marr, Morrissey - WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE.xml
All men have sec rets and here is mine so let it be known we have been thru hell and high tide I think I can re ly on you and yet you start to re coil hea vy words so ligh tly thrown but still I'd leap in front of a fly ing bul let for you so what dif 'frence does it make so what dif 'frence does it make It makes none but now you have gone and you must be look ing ve ry old to nite The de vil will find work for i dle hands to do I stole and I lied and why be cuz you asked me to now you make me feel so ash amed be cuz I've on ly got two hands but I'm still fond of you oh ho oh so what dif 'frence does it make so what dif 'frence does it make It makes none but now you have gone and your prej ud ice won't keep you warm to nite The de vil will find work for i dle hands to do I stole and I lied just be cuz you asked me to but now you know the truth ab out me you won't see me an y more but I'm still fond of you oh ho oh But no more ap ol i gies no more no more ap ol i gies I'm so tired I'm so sick and tired and I'm feel ing ver y sick and ill to day
Anthony Newley, Leslie Bricusse - What Kind Of Fool Am I.xml
What Kind Of Fool Am I? Who never fell in love; it seem that I'm the only one that I have been thinkin of. What kind of man is this? An empty shell, a lonely cell in which an empty heart must dwell. What kind of lips are these that lied with ev'ry kiss? That whispered empty words of love that left me alone like this. Why can't I fall in love, like other people can, and may be then I'll know what kind of fool I am. What Kind Of What kind of clown am I? What do I know of life? Why can't I cast away the mask of play and live my life? Why can't I fall in love 'till I don't give a damn, and maybe then I'll know what kind of fool I am.
Jule Styne, Adolph Green, Betty Comden - Make Someone Happy .xml
Make someone happy, make just one someone happy. make just one heart the heart you sing to. One smile that cheers you, one face that lights when it nears you. One man you're ev'ry thing to. Fame, if you win it, comes and goes in a minute. Where's the real stuff in life to cling to? Love is the answer, someone to love is the answer. Once you've found him, build your world around him. Make someone happy make just one someone happy, and you will be happy too.
C. Mack, F. Dabney, L. Brown - Shine.xml
Shine away your bluesies, Shine, start with your shoesies, Shine each place up make it look like new, Shine your face up, wear a smile or two. Shine your these and thoseies, You'll fine that ev'rything will turn out fine. Folks will shine up to ya', ev'ryone will "Howdy do" ya', You'll make the whole world shine. 'Cause my hair is curly, 'Cause my teeth are pearly, just because I always wear a smile, like to dress up in the latest style. 'Cause I'm glad I'm living, take trouble smilling and the wold is mine. I'm a lucky fella', got the sun for my umbrella, that's why they call me shine.
Lawton Williams - Fraulein.xml
Far a cross the blue waters, lives an old German's daughter, By he banks of the old river Rhine, Where I loved her and left her, but I can't forget her, 'Cause I miss my pretty Fraulein. Fraulein, Fraulein, Look up toward the heavens each night when the stars seem to shine, By the same stars above you, I swear that I love you, You are my pretty Fraulein When my memories wander away over yonder, To the sweetheart that I left behind, In a moment of glory, A face comes before me, The face of my pretty Fraulein. Fraulein, Fraulein, Walk down by the river, Pretend that your hand's holding mine, By the same stars above you, I swear that I love you, And I always will, my Frau
Ray Stanley - Glendora.xml
Verse1.......I'm in love with a dolly named Glendora, she works in the window of a big depart ment storea. Eyes of blue, hair like gold, never been young but she'll never get old, oh, Glendora, I wanna see more of you. Oh, Glendora, oh, Glendora, oh, Glendora, I wanna see more of you. (toVerse2)
Terry Gilkyson, Frank Miller, Richard Dehr - Marianne.xml
Mar i anne oh Mar i anne oh wont you marry me? We can have a bamboo hut and brandy in the tea Leave your fat old mama home, she never will say yes If mama dont know now she can guess my my yes All day all night Marianne Down by the seaside siftin sand Even little chidren love Marianne Down by the seaside siftin sand When she walks along the shore people pause to greet White birds fly around her Little fish come to her feet In her heart is love but I'm the only mor tal man who's allowed to kiss my Marianne Dont rush me siftin sand.
Robert Allen, Al Stillman - It's Not For Me To Say.xml
It's not for me to say you love me, It's not for me to say you'll always care. Oh but here for the moment I can hold you fast and press you lips to mine. and dream that love will last. as far as I can see, this is heaven and speaking just for me, it's ours to share. Perhaps the glow of love will grow with ev'ry passing day, or we may never meet again, but then It's Not for Me To Say It's or we may never meet again but then It's Not For Me To Say.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - He Was Too Good To Me.xml
There goes my young intended, The thing is ended, regrets are vain. I'll never find another half so sweet, And we'll never meet again. I was a good sport, Told him goodbye Eyesdim, But why complain? He was too good to me. How can I get along now? So close he stood to me, Ev'rything seems all wrong now. He would have brought me the sun Making me smile, that was his fun. When I was mean to him He'd never say, "Go 'way now." I was a queen to him. Who's goin' to make me gay now? It's only natural I'm blue, He was too good to be true.
Antonio Carlos Jobim - Wave.xml
So close your eyes, for that's a lovely way to be. Aware of things your heart alone was meant to see. The fundamental lone liness goes whenever two can dream a dream together. You can't deny, don't try to fight the rising sea. Don't fight the moon, the stars bove and don't fight me. The fundamental lone liness goes whenever two can dream a dream together. When I saw you first the time was half past three, when your eyes met mine it was eternity. By now we know the wave is on its way to be. Just catch the wave, don't be afraid of loving me. The fundamental lone liness goes whenever two can dream a dream together. dream a dream together dream a dream together
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - Come Rain Or Come Shine.xml.1
I'm gonna love you like nobody's loved you come rain or come shine. High as a mountain, and deep as a river come rain or come shine. I guess when you met me it was just one of those things. But don't ever bet me 'cause I'm gonna be true if you let me. You're gonna love me like nobody's loved me, come rain or come shine. Happy together unhappy together and won't it be fine. Days may be cloudy or sunny. We're in or we're out of the money But I'm with you always I'm with you rain or shine..
Sherman Edwards, Hal David - Broken Hearted Melody.xml
Broken  hearted  melody Once  you  were  our  song  of  love. Now  you  just  keep  taunting  me with  the  memory of his  tender  love.  Oh, Broken  hearted  melody must  you  keep  reminding  me of  the  lips  I  long  to  kiss and  the  love  I  miss  since  he  went  away. Night  and  day  they  play. That  broken  hearted  melody that  he  used  to  sing  to  me when  our  love  was  young  and  bright as  he  held  me  tight; Suddenly  I  found:  I  was  out  of  bounds. Oh, Brok en hearted melody Once  you  were  my  song  of  love. Now  you  just  keep  taunting  me with  the  memory  of his  tender  love.  Oh, Broken  hearted  melody Won't  you  bring  him  back  to  me? Sing  to  him  until  he  hears, for  when  he  returns  no  more  will  he  be, a  broken  hearted  melody. Oooo,  oooo, oooo, oooo, oooooo,oo Oooo,  oooo, oooo, oooo, oooooooo.
The Rolling Stones - Paint it black.xml
I see a red door and I want it painted black No colors any more I want them to turn black I see the girls walk by dressed in their summer clothes I have to turn my head until the darkness grows. I see a line of cars and they're all painted black With flowers and my love both never to come back I see people turn their heads and quickly look away Like a new born baby it just happens every day I want to see your face, painted black, black as night Don't wanna see the sun flying high in the sky I wanna see it painted, painted, painted black Yeah!
R.Rascel, Carl Sigman - Arrivederci,  Roma (Goodbye To Rome).xml
Arrivederci Roma good bye goodbye to Rome ci ty of a million moonlit places city of a million warm embraces where I found the one of all the faces far from home Arrivederci Roma its time for us to part save the wedding bells for my returning keep my lovers arms outstretched and yearning please be sure the flame of love keeps burning in her heart.
Stephen Foster - My old Kentucky home.xml
The sun shines bright in the old Lentucky home tis summer the darkies   are gay. the corntops ripe and the meadows in the bloom while the birds make music all the day. the young folks roll on the little cabin floor all merry and happy and bright By'n by hard times come a knocking at the door then my
Lewis H. Gensler, B. G. DaSylva - Cross Your Heart.xml
Cross your heart and hope to die, that you'll be true and so will I, for ever and forever and a day. Cross your heart and hope to die, that I'm the ap;ole of your eye, and never will you ever get away. Mornings we will kiss goodbye; At evening kiss hello; Sundays we will never be apart, sweetheart. Let it rain! the sun will shine, if I am yours and you are mine forever and forever cross your heart.
Ralph Carmichael - The Savior is Waiting.xml
the Sav ior is wait ing to en ter your heart why don't you let Him come in There's no thing in this world to keep you a part what is your an swer to Him time af ter time He has wait ed be fore and now He is wait ing a gain to see if you're wil ling to op en the door Oh how He wants to come in If you'll take one step toward the Sav ior my friend you'll find His arms op en wide re ceive Him and all of your dark ness will end with in your heart He'll a bide time af ter time He has wait ed be fore and now He is wait ing a gain to see if you're wil ling to op en the door Oh how He wants to come in
Johnny Russell, Vonnie Morrison - Act Naturally.xml
They're gonna put me in the movies they're gonna make a big star out of me we'll make a scene about a man thats sad and lonely and all I gotta do is act naturally well I'll bet you I'm gonna be a big star might win an Oscar you cant never tell the movies are gonna make me a big star 'Cause I can play the part so well Well, I We'll
Howard Greenfield, Neal Sedaka - Where the Boys Are.xml
Where The Boys Are someone waits for me. A smiling face, a warm embrace, two arms to hold me tenderly. Where The Boys Are my true love will be. He's walking down some street in town and I know he's looking there for me. In the crowd of a million people, I'll find my Valentine, then I'll climb to the highest steeple and tell the world he's mine. Till he holds me I wait impatiently, Where The Boys Are, Where The Boys Are, Where The Boys Are someone waits for me. me.
Robert Hazard - Girls Just Want to Have Fun.xml
I come home in the morning light my mother says when you gonna live your life right? Oh Mother dear we're not the fortunate ones and girls, they want to have fun Oh girls just want to have fun girls just want to have When the working day is done oh girls they want to have fun oh girls just want to have fun They just wanna they just wanna they just wanna they just wan na girls girls just wanna have fun.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - Do You Know The Way To San Jose?.xml
Do you know the way to San Jose I've been away so long I may go wrong and lose my way Do you know the way to San Jose I'm goiing back to find some peace of mine in SanJose L. A, is a big freeway put a hundred down and buy a car In a week maybe two they'll make you a star weeks turn into years how quick they pass and all the stars that never were are parking cars and pumping gas You can really breathe in SanJose They've got a lot of space There'll be a place where I can stay I was born and raised in San Jose I'm going back to find some peace of mind in San Jose Fame and fortune is a magnet it can pull you far away from home with a dream in your heart you're never alone dreams turn into dust and blow away and there you are without a friend you pack your car and ride away.
Jerry Herman - We Need A Little Christmas.xml
Haul out the holly; Put up the tree before my spirit falls again. Fill up the stockings, I may be rushing things, but deck the halls again now. For we need a little hristmas Right this very minute, Candles in the window, Carols at the spinet. Yes, we need a little Christmas Right this very minute. It hasn't snowed a single flurry, but Santa, dear, we're in a hurry; so climb down the chimney; Turn on the brightest string of lights I've ever seen. Slice up the fruitcake It's time  we hang some tinsel on that evergreen bough. For I've grown a little leaner, Grown a little colder,And Grown a little sadder, Grown a little older, And I need a litttle angel Sitting on my shoulder need a little Christmas now. For we need a little music, Need a little laughter, Need a little singing Ringing thru the rafter, And we need a little snappy "Happy ever after," Need a little Christmas now.
Les Kettley - You should get out more.xml
You sit alone in your room, dreaming of what might have been, you must go out, go out soon, you must get out more, live your dream.
Sonny Burke, Paul Francis Webster - Black Coffee.xml
I'm feelin' mighty lonesome, haven't slept a wink. I walk the floor and watch the door, and in between I drink black coffee, Since my gal went away. My nerves have gone to pieces, and my hair's turnin' grey. I'm talkin' to the shadows, one o' clock to four; And Lord how slow the moments go, when all I do is pour black coffee Love's a sorry affair. I know where all the blues are 'cos baby I've been there. Now a man is born to love a woman, to work and slave to pay her debts; And just because he's only human, To drown his past regrets in coffee and cigarettes! I'm moonin' all the mornin' and mournin' all the night; And in between it's nicotine, and not much heart to fight black coffee. Feelin' low as can be. It's drivin' me crazy, this waitin' for my baby to maybe come around.
J. S. Bach, Paul Gerhardt - Beside Thy Cradle Here I Stand.xml
Beside Thy cradle here I stand, O Thou that ever livest, And bring Thee with a willing hand The very gifts Thou givest. Accept me: 'tis my mind and heart, My soul, my strength, my ev'ry part That Thou from me requirest.
Clarence Muse, Leon Rene, Otis Rene - When It's Sleepy Time Down South.xml
Pale moon shining on the fields below Folks are croon ing songs soft and low, Needn't tell me so because I know, It's sleepy time down south. Soft winds blowing thru the pinewood trees, Folks down there live a life of ease, When ol' mammy falls upon her knees, It's sleepy time down south. Steamboats on the river acomin', agoin' splashing the night away, Hear those banjos ringin' the folks are asingin' they dance till break of day. dear old Southland with it's dreamy songs, Takes me back there where I belong, How I'd love to be in mammy's arms, When it's sleepy time down south. south.
Carroll Gibbons, James Dyrenforth - A Garden In The Rain.xml
Twas just A Garden In The Rain Close to a litle leafy lane, A touch of color 'neath skies of gray. The raindrops kissed the flower beds, The blossoms raised their thirs ty heads A perfumed thank you they seemed to say. Surely here was charm beyond compare to view. Maybe it was just that I was there with you. Twas just a Garden In The Rain, But then the sun came out again And sent us happily on our way
Harry Akst, Grant Clarke - Am I Blue?.xml
Am I blue? Am I blue? Ain't these tears in these eyes tellin' you? Am I blue? You'd be too if each plan with your man done fell through. Was a time I was his only one. But now I'm the sad and lonely one. Lawdy! Was I gay 'til today now he's gone and we're through. Am I blue?
Lionel Newman, Dorcas Cochran - Again.xml.1
Again, This could n't happen again, This is that once in a lifetime This is that thrill divine. What's more, This nev er happened before, Though I have prayed for a lifetime That such as you could suddenly be mine. Mine to hold as I'm holding you now, and yet, never so near, Mine to have when the now and the here dis apear, What matters, dear, for when, This does n't happen again We'll have this moment for ever, But, never, never again. Again.
Eddie De Lange & Irving Mills, Will Hudson - Moonglow.xml
It must have been moon glow way up in the blue it must have been moon glow that let me straight to you I hear you still say ing Dear one hold me fast and I keep on pray ing Oh Lord please let this last We seemed to float right through the air Hea ven ly songs seemed to come from ev ery where and now when there's moon glow way up in the blue I'll al ways re mem ber that moon glow gave me you It must have been moon glow way up in the blue it must have been moon glow that let me straight to you I hear you still say ing sweet child hold me fast and I keep on pray ing Oh Lord please let this last We seemed to float right through the air Hea ven ly songs seemed to come from ev ery where and now when there's moon glow way up in the blue I'll al ways re mem ber that moon glow gave me you
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - I Want To Hold Your Hand.xml
Oh yeah I'll tell you some thing I think you'll understand then I'll day that something I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand Oh please say to me and let me be your man and please say to me you'll let me hold your hand now, let me hold your hand I want to hold your hand and when I touch you I feel happy inside It's such a feeling that my love I cant hide I cant hide I cant hide yeh you got that some thing I think you'll understand when I feel that some thing I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand I want to hold your hand
Gene Austin, Roy Bergere - How Come You Do Me Like You Do?.xml
How come you do me like you do do do how come you do me like you do why do you try to make me feel so blue I aint done nuthin to you do me right or else just let me be cause i can beat you doin what youre doin to me How come you do me like you do do do How come you do me like you do
J.P. Richardson - Running Bear.xml
On the bank of the river stood Running Bear young In dian brave on the other side of the river stood his lovely Indian maid Little White Dove was a her name such a lovely sight to see but they're tribes but with each other so their love could never be Running Bear loved little White Dove with a love big as the sky Running Bear loved little White Dove with a love that couldn't die he couldn't stem the raging river cause the river was too wide He couldn't reach little White Dove waiting on the other side in the moonlight he could see her throwing kisses cross the way her little heart was beating faster waiting there for her brave die runningdie
Florian Pascal, Henry Pottinger Stephens, William Yardley - Botany Bay.xml
Fare well to old England for ever farewell to my rum culls as well fare well to the wellknown old Bail ee where I used for to cut such a swell Singing toorali ooral liaddity sing ing too ral li oor al li ay singing tooral liooralli addity for we're bound for Botany Bay
Bill Martin, Phil Coulter - Congratulations.xml
Congratulations and cele bra tions when I tell ev ry one that you're in love with me con grat u la tions and jub i la tions I want the world to know I;m hap py as can be Who would be lieve that I could be hap py and con tent ed I used to think that hap piness hadnt been invented but that was in the bad old days before I met you when I let you walk in to my heart congratu congratu I want the world to know I'm happy as can be
Jack O'Hagan - Along the road to Gundagai.xml
There's a track winding back to an old fashioned shack a long the road to Gunda gai where the blue gums are growingthe Murrumbidgees flowing beneath that sunny sky where my Daddy and Mammy are waiting for me all the pals of my childhood once more I shall see then no more I will roam when I'm heading right for home along the road to Gundagai
Vernon duke, E. Y. Harburg - I Like The Likes Of You.xml
I like the likes of you, I like the things you do, I mean I like the likes of you. I like your eyes of blue, I think they're blue don't you? I mean I like your eyes of blue. Oh dear, If I could only say what I mean, I mean if I could mean what I say, that is I mean to say that I mean to say that, I like the likes of you, your looks are pure deluxe, looks like I like the likes of you. you.
Fred Fisher, William Raskin & George Brown - That's When Your Heartaches Begin.xml
When you find your sweetheart in the arms of a friend, That's When Your Heartaches Begin. When Dreams of a lifetime must come to an end, that's when your heartaches begin. Love is a thing, you never can share, When you bring a friend into your love affair, that's the end of your sweetheart, that's the end of your friend, That's When Your Heartaches Begin. When gin.
Willie Dixon - Back Door Man.xml
I am a back door man. I am a back door man. Well, the men don't know but the little girls understand. When ev'rybody's try'n to sleep, I'm some where makin' my midnight creep. Just the mornin' the rooster crow, Somethin' tell me I got to go.
Bert Kaempfert, Charles Singleton, Eddie Snyder - Moon Over Naples.xml
Wine and guitars, moon over Naples and a million stars; There by the sea, soft in my arms she vowed her love to me. Gone, now she's gone, And so I search for her from dawn to dawn. Where can she be? Moon over Naples, light her way to me. Night after night, Kiss after kiss until the sun as bright, Two sleepy eyes, Hated to say goodbye to Para dise. Gone, now she's gone, And so I search for her from dawn to dawn. Where can she be? Moon over Naples light her way to me.
Cliff Burwell, Mitchell Paris - Sweet Lorraine.xml
I've just found joy I'm as happy as a ba by boy with another brand new choochoo toy when I'm with my sweet Lorraine A pair of eyes that are bluer than the summer skies when you see them you will realise why I love my sweet Lorraine I'm so hapy when Its raining I dont miss the sun For its in my sweeties smile Just to think that I'm the lucky one who will lead her down the aisle each night I pray that nobody steals her heart away just cant wait unttil that happy day when I mar ry sweet Lorraine
Blondie - HEART OF GLASS.xml
Once I had a love and it was a gas soon turned out had a heart of glass Seemed like the real thing on ly to find much o mis trust love's gone be hind Once I had a love and it was di vine soon turned out I was los in' my mind but I was so blind much o mis trust love's gone be hind In be tween what I find is pleas ing and I'm feel ing fine Love is so ap pea ling there's no peace of mind If I fear I'm los ing you it's just no good your teas in' like you do Once I had a love and it was a gas soon turned out to be a pain in the Lost in side a dor ab le il lu sion and I can not hide I'm the one you're us ing please dont push me a side we could 've made a cruis ing "yeah" OOO OH OOO OH
Irving  Berlin, Irving Berlin - I Love A Piano.xml
I love a piano, I love a piano, I love to hear somebody play upon a piano, A grand piano, It simply carries me away. I know a fine way to treat a Steinway, I love to run my fingers o'er the keys, the ivories, And with the pedal I love to meddle, When Padarewski comes this way, I'm so delighted, If I'm invited To hear that long haired genius play So you can keep your fiddle and your bow, Give me a PIANO, oh, oh, I love to Stop right beside an Upright or a high toned Baby Grand.
Alessandro Taccani, Nan Frederics, Umberto Bertini - On An Evening In Roma.xml
Come bella cella luna, brille strette, strette come tutta belle͜ a passeggiare, soto͜ il cielo di Roma. Down each avenue, or via street or stratta, you can see 'em disasppearin' two by two, on an ev'ning in Roma. Do they take 'em for espresso? yeah, I guess so. On each lover's arm a girl I wish I knew, on an ev'ning in Roma. Though there's grinning and mandolinning in sunny Italy, the beginning has just begn when the sun goes down. So, please meet me in the plaza near your casa, I am only one and that is one too few, on an eve'ning in Roma Don't know what the country's comin' to, but in Rome do as the Romans do, with you, on an eve'ning in Roma. Though there's grinning and mandolinning in sunny Italy, the beginning has just begun when the sun goes down. Come bella cella luna, brille strette, strette come tut ta belle͜ a passeggiare, soto͜ il cielo di Roma. Soto͜ il cielo di Roma. On an eve'ning in Roma.
John Ondrasik, Five for Fighting - Superman.xml
I can't stand to fly. I'm not that naive. I'm just out to find the better part of me. I'm more than a bird. I'm more than a plane. I'm more than some pretty face beside a train. And it's not easy to be me. I wish that I could cry. Fall upon my knees. Find a way to lie.'bout a home I'll never see. I may sound absurd, but don't be naive. Even heroes have the right to bleed. I may be disturbed, but wont you concede even heroes have the right to dream? And it's not easy to be me up, up and away, away from me. Well it's alright, you can all sleep sound tonight. I'm not crazy or anything. I can't stand to fly. I'm not that naive. Men were'nt meant to ride with clouds between their knees. I'm only a man in a silly red sheet, diging for kryptonite on this oneway street. Only a man in a funny red sheet, looking for special things inside of me, inside of me, inside of me. Yeah, inside of me, inside of me. I'm only a man in a funny red sheet. I'm only a man looking for a dream. I'm only a man in a funny red sheet and it's not easy, ooh, ooh, ooh. it's not easy to be me.
Freddie Hart - My Hang Up Is You.xml
Evrybodys got one baby my hangup is you Evry bodys got one, a hangup of some kind Call it habit or call it weakness thank good ness I got mine the wanting the craving the needing keeps my world from fallin through Evry bodys got one baby my hangup is you I'm hung up on the thrills I feel when I hold you in my arms I'm hung up because I need your love to wrap around and me me warm you're my little piece of heaven you're all Ive got to hand on to evrybodys got one baby my hangup is you evrybodys got one baby my hang up is you
Cole Porter - I Love You.xml.1
"I love you", hums the April breeze "I love you," echo the hills. "I love you," the golden dawn agrees as once more she sees dafodils. It's spring again and birds on the wing again start to sing again the old melodie: "I love you," that's the song of songs, and it all belongs to you and me. "I me. And it all belongs to you and me.
Jerome Kern, Herbert Reynolds - They Didn't Believe Me.xml
And when I told them how beautiful you are They didn't believe me they didn't believe me your lips your eyes your cheeks your hair are in a class beyond compare you're the loveliest girl that one could see And when I tell them and I certn'ly am goin' to tell them that I'm the man whose wife one day you'll be they'll never believe me they'll never believe me that from this great big world you've chosen me!
John Stewart - Daydream  Believer.xml
Oh I could hide neath the wings of the bluebird as she sings the six oclock alarm would never ring But it rings and I rise, wipe the sleep out of my eyes, my shaving razor's cold and it stings Cheer up sleepy Jean Oh what can it mean to a daydream believeer and a home coming queen You once thought of me as a white knight on a steed now you know how happy I can be and our good times start and end without dollar one to spend but how much baby do we really need.
Michael Edwards, Bud Green - Once In A While .xml
Once in a while will you try to give one little thought to me? Though someone else may be nearer your heart Once in a while will you dream of the moments I shared with you? Moments before we two drifted a part. In love's smildering em,ber One Spark may remain if love still can remember, The spark may burn again. I know that I'll be contented with yesterday's memory, Knowing you think of me once in a while. while.
Carrie Jacobs Bond - I Love You Truly.xml
I love you tryly truly dear life with its sorrow life with its tear fades into dreams when I feel you are near for I love you truly truly dear I love you truly truly dear life with its sorrowlife with its tear fades into dreams when I feel you are near for I love you truly trulydear.
Martin Nystrom 1984 - As The Deer.xml.1
As the deer pant eth for the wa ter so my soul long eth af ter Thee You a lone are my heart's de sire and I long to wor ship Thee. You a lone are my strength my shield to You a lone may my spir it yield. You a lone are my heart's de si re and I long to wor ship thee. You're my friend and you are my bro ther ev en though you are a King I love you more than an y o ther so much more than an y thing You a lone are my strength my shield to You a lone may my spir it yield. You a lone are my heart's de si re and I long to wor ship thee. I want you more than gold or sil ver on ly You can sat is fy You a lone are the real joy giv er and the ap ple of my eye You a lone are my strength my shield to You a lone may my spir it yield. You a lone are my heart's de si re and I long to wor ship Thee.
Irving Gordon - Unforgettable.xml.1
Unforgettable, that's what you are, Unforgettable, thought near or far. like a song of love that clings to me, How the thought of you does things to me. Never before has someone been more. Unforgettable, in ev'ry way, And forever more that's how you'll stay. That's why, darling it's incredible that someone so unforgettable thinks that I am unforgettable too.
Tom Springfield - The Carnival is Over.xml
Say goodbye my own true lover as we sing a lovers song how it breaks my heart to leave you now the carnival is gone high above the dawn is waking and my tears are falling rain for the carnival is over we may never meet again like a dream my heart was beating and your kiss was sweet as wine but the joys of love are fleeting for Pierrot and Columbine Now the harbour light is calling this will be our last goodbye tho the carnival is over I will love you till I die Say good die
Jerry Brainin, Buddy Bernier - The Night Has A Thousand Eyes.xml.1
Don't whisper things to me you don't mean, for words deep down inside can be seen my the night. The night has a thousand eyes and it knows a truthful heart from one that lies. Tho' romance may have called in the past, my love for you will be everlasting and bright. As bright as the starlit skies and this wond'rous night that has a thousand eyes. I've lived my life walking thru a dream. For I knew that I would find this moment supreme. A night of bliss and tender sighs and the smiling down of a thousand eyes. The night has a thousand eyes.
Percy Faith, Spence Maxwell - Christmas Is.xml
Christmas is sleighbells, Christmas is sharing; Christmas is hol ly; Christmas is caring. Christmas is children who just can't go to sleep. Christmas is mem'ries, the kind you always keep. Deck the halls and give a cheer for all the things that Christmas is each year. Christmas, Merry Christmas, When all your wishes come true. Christmas is carols to warm you in the snow; Christmas is bedtime where no one wants to go. All the world is tinsel bright, So glad to know that Christmas is tonight. Christmas, Merry Christmas When all your wishes come true. Christmas, Merry Christmas; May all your wishes come true.
Harry Woods, Mort Dixon - River Stay 'Way From My Door.xml
You keep goin' you're way, I'll keep goin' my way, River, stay 'way from my door. I just got a cabin, you don't need my cabin. Ri ver, stay 'way from my door. Don't come up any higher, I'm so all alone. Leave my bed and my fire, that's all I own. I ain't breakin' your heart, don't start breakin' my heart. River, stay 'way from my door Oh! Lord! Ain't I been faithful, and ain't I worked, ain't I toiled in the sweatin' sun? Oh!, Lord! Ain't I come to you and thanked you for all you've done: Oh! Lord! You made the river, but won't you try to remember that You made me. Oh! Lord! hear me pray to you and make the river hear my plea: I ain't breakin' your heart, don't start breakin' my heart, River, stay 'way from my door..
Stephen Adams - Ever Gentle, Ever Sweet.xml
His love is like a rol lin' riv er a clear and cool re treat flow ing on in calm and beau ty gen tle ev er sweet ev er gen tle ev er sweet gen tle ev er sweet His love is like a rol lin' riv er gen tle ev er sweet His love is like an A pril show er with a stead y beat sprink ling drops of joy and beau ty gen gle ev er sweet ev er gen tle ev er sweet gen tle ev er sweet His love is like a rol lin' riv er gen tle ev er sweet His love is like a wind that's whis prin' soft ly through the wheat scat ter ing the seeds of beau ty gen tle ev er sweet ev er gen tle ev er sweet gen tle ev er sweet His love is like a rol lin' riv er gen tle ev er sweet
Alan Murray, Edward Lockton - I'll Walk Beside You.xml
I'll walk beside you through the world today, While dreams and songs and flowers bless your way, I'll look into your eyes and hold your hand, I'll walk beside you through the golden land. I'll walk beside you through the world tonight, Beneath the starry skies ablaze with light, And in your heart love's tender words I'll hide, I'll walk beside you through the eventide. I'll walk beside you through the passing years, Through days of cloud and sunshine, joy and tears; And when the great call comes, the sunset gleams, I'll walk beside you to the land of dreams.
Hank Thompson - Rub-A-Dub-Dub.xml
Once upon a time in a nurry thyme there were three little men got lost like you and me they couldnt agree and upon the waves they tossed I'll sing their tune cause I got marooned with a love I cant forget now the three little men just took me in on an ocean of regret with a rubadubdub three men in a tub lost on the ocean blue I'll row like a hub sing rubadubdub cause you broke my heart in two. Well,I cant reach shore and my heart is sore and I'm drftin far away fromthe love I had, andI'm feelin mighty bad and I cant go on this way wontyou throw outthe line and say you're mine and take me back again? cause my rudders broke andit aint no joke wont you reach and pull me in? two
Larry  Markes, Dick Charles, Eddie De Lange - Along The Navajo Trail.xml
Ev'ry day along about ev'ning; When the sunlight's beginning to fail, I ride through the slimberin' shadows Along the Navajo trail. When it's night and crickets are callin'; And coyotes are makin' a wail I dream by a smolder in' fire A long the Nava jo trail. I love to lie and lis ten to the mus ic When the wind is strummin' a sagebrush guitar, When over yonder hill the moon is climbin' It always finds me wishin' on a star. Well what do you know? it's morning already, There's the dawnin so silver and pale, It's time to climb in my saddle And ride the Navajo trail. Mn mn Mn mn Mn mn the Navajo trail.
Sid Tepper & Roy C Bennett - I'm Getting Nuttin' For Christmas.xml
I broke my bat on John ny's head I hid a frog in sis ter's bed I spilled some ink on Mom my's rug I made Tom my eat a bug Bought some gum with a pen ny slug put a tack on teach er's chair SOME BOD Y SNITHCHED ON ME! I tied a knot in Suz ie's hair SOME BOD Y SNITHCHED ON ME! I did a dance on Mom my's plants Climbed a tree and tore my pants Filled the sug ar bowl with ants SOME BOD Y SNITCHED ON ME! OH! I'm get tin' Nut tin' for Christ mas Mom my and Dad dy are mad I'm get tin' Nut tin' for Christ mas cuz I ain't been Nut tin' but bad
Terry Gilkyson - The Bare Necessities.xml
Look for the bare necessities, the simple bare necessities forget about your worries and your strife. I mean the bare necessities or Mother Nature's recipes that bring the bare necessities to life. Wherever I wander wherever I roam I couldn't be fonder of my big home. The bees are buzzin in the tree to make some honey just for me. You look under the rocks and plants and take a glance at the fancy ants then maybe try a few. The bare necessities of life will come to you. They'll come to you Look for the Wen you pick a pawpaw or prickly pear, and you prick a raw paw next time beware Don't pick the prickly pear by paw, when you pick a pear, try to use the claw. But you don't need to use the claw when you pick a pear of the big pawpaw have I given you a clue
Edmund Goulding, Mack Gordon - Mam'selle.xml.1
A small cafe, Mam'selle our rendezvous, Mam'selle. The violins were warm and sweet, and so were you, Mam'selle. And as the night danced by A kiss became a sigh, Your lovely eyes seemed to sparkle just like wine does, No heart ever yearned the way that mine does for you. And yet I know too well, Some day you'll say goodbye, Then violins will cry and so will I, Mam'selle. A small ca'selle.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - A Hard Day's Night.xml
It's been a hard day's night and I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the things that you do Will make me feel alright. You know I work all day to get you money to buy your things And it's worth it just to hear you say You're gonna give me evry'thing So why I love to come home 'Cause when I get you alone You know I Feel Okay When I'm home Ev'rything seems to be alright When I'm home feeling you holding me tight tight Yeah It's been a hard day's night and I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the things that you do will make me feel alright So why on earth should I moan, 'cause when I get you alone You know I feel okay When I'm home Ev'rything seems to be alright When I'm home feeling you holding me tight tight Yeah It's been a hard day's night and I've been working like a dog It's been a hard day's night I should be sleeping like a log But when I get home to you I find the things that you do will make me feel alright You know I feel alright you know I feel alright
Georges Auric, William Engvick - Song from Moulin Rouge.xml
Whenever we kiss, I worry and wonder. Your lips may be near, but where is your heart? It's always like this. I worry and wonder. You're close to me here, but where is your heart? It's a sad thing to realize that you've a heart that never melts. When we kiss, do you close your eyes, pretending that I'm someone else? You must break the spell, this cloud that I'm under. So please, won't you tell, darling where is your heart.
Al Wilson and Jas. A. Brennan - Barefoot Days.xml
I can re mem ber how proud I used to be When Dad and Mo th er would buy new shoes for me Now thats the feel ing we've all had How new shoes would make you feel glad but the best time if you re call was when you wore no shoes at al l Bare foot days when we were just a kid bare foot days O boy the things we did we would go to the sha dy brook with a bent pin for a hook we would fish all day and fish all nigh but the darn ole fish they re fuse to bite then wed slide down the old cel lar door we'd slide and slide till our pants got tore and then we'd have to go home climb in to bed our mot her came a long with a nee dle and thread O boy what joy we had in bare foot days
Sammy Fain, Francis Wheeler, Iring Kahal - Let A Smile Be Your Umbrella.xml
Just let a smile be your umbrella on a rainy rainy day and if your sweetie cries just tell her that a smile will always pay whenever skies are gray dont worry or fret A smile will bring the sunshine and you'll never get wet so let a smile be your umbrella on a rainy rainy day.
Agnes Jones, Freddy James - Unchain my Heart.xml
Unchain my heart baby let me be 'cause you don't care please, please set me free Unchain my heart baby let me go Unchain my heart 'cause you don't love me no mo' Ev'ry time I call you on the phone some fel low tells me that you're not at home so unchain my heart Oh please, please set me I'm under your spell Like a man in a trance But I know darn well that I don't stand a Unchain my heart let me go my way Un chain my heart you worry me night and day. Why lead me thru a life of misery when you don't care a bag of beans for me Unchain my hear Oh, please, please set me I'm under your spell Like a man in a trance But I know darn well that I don't stand a Unchain my heart let me go my way Un chain my heart you worry me night and day. Why lead me thru a life of misery when you don't care a bag of beans for me Unchain my hear Oh, please, please set me free Unchain my heart baby let me be 'cause you don't care please, please set me free
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - My Baby Just Cares For Me.xml
My baby don't care for shows, My baby con't care for clothes, My baby just cares for me! My baby don't car for furs and laces, My baby don't care for hightonedplaces. My baby don't care for rings, Or other expensive things, She's sensible as can be, My babydon't care who knows it, My baby just cares for me! My baby don't care to own, Nine or ten carat stones, My baby just cares for me! My baby don't go gor big Rolls Royces, There's sometimes a doubt abbout her choices. My baby's not much for sports, Like runnin' 'round without shorts, I must say that I'm glad that She makes such a fine selection My baby just cares for me!
George Morgan - Candy kisses.xml
Candy kisses wrapped in paper mean more to you than any of mine candy kisses wrapped in paper you'd rath er have them any old time you dont mean it when you whisper those sweet love words in my ear candy kisses wrapped in paper mean more to you than mine do dear I built a castle out of dreams dear I thought that you were building one too now my castles all have fallen and I am left alone and blue once my heart was filled with gladness now theres sadness only tears dear
Bryan Adams, Jim Vallance - The Summer of 69.xml
I got my first real sixstring; bought it at the five and dime; played it 'til my fin gers bled; was the summer of six ty nine. Me and some guys from school had a band and we tried real hard. Jim my quit and Jody got married; I shoulda known we'd never get far. Oh, when I look back now, that summer seemed to last forever, and if I had the choice, yeah, I'd always wanna be there. Those were the best days of my life. Back in the sum mer of sixty nine. Man, we were killin' time, we were young and restless, we needed to unwind. I guess nothin' can last forever, forever, no! Back in the summer of sixty nine. Back in the sum mer of
Rod McKuen - Love's Been Good To Me.xml
I have been a rover, I have walked alone, Hiked a hundred highways, Never found a home. Still, in all, I'm happy, The reason is you see, Once in awhile along the way, Love's been good to me. There was a girl in Denver, Before the summer storm, Oh her eyes were tender! Oh her arms were warm! And she could smile away the thunder, Kiss away the rain, and even tho' she's gone away, You won't hear me complain.There was a girl in Portland, Before the winter chill, We used to go acourting, Along October Hill, And she could laugh away the dark clouds, Cry away the snow, It seems like only yesterday, As down the road I
Buck Ram - The Great Pretender.xml
Oh yes I'm the great pretender pretendin I'm doin well My need is such I pretend too much I'm lonely but no one can tell. Oh yes, I'm the great pretender adrift in a world of my own I play the game but to my real shame you've left me to dream all alone too real is this feeling of make believe too real when I feel what my heart conceal oh yes I'm the great pretend er just laughin and gay like a clown I seem to be what I'm not you see I'm wearin my heart like a crown pretendin that you're still aroun'.
Dottie Rambo - Build My Mansion.xml
I have no cas tles no earth ly king dom but my cab in will do till I get home my man sion's yon der on the hills of glo ry oh I hope my man sion sits near God's throne build my man sion next door to Je sus and tell the an gels I'm com ing home It does not mat ter who lives a round me just so my man sion sits near the Throne My moth er's man sion may be close by me a cross the gold en av e nue she was the first one to teach me of hea ven and the ver y first one Lord to tell me 'bout you build my man sion next door to Je sus and tell the an gels I'm com ing home It does not mat ter who lives a round me just so my man sion sits near the Throne
Dominic John, Harold Fields, Howard Barnes, Peter Jack - The Echo Told Me a Lie.xml
I asked the valley of e choes if she loves me loves me and thrilled inside as the hills replied she loves me loves me how could I guess from your sweet caress that the Echo told me a lie? we've had to part and it broke my heart for the Echo had told me a lie so through the valley I'll sing come back to love me love me and if the Echo can bring you back to love me love me I'll hold you then in my arms again and the hills will echo a sigh, and I'll know that the Echo never told me a lie
Lew Spence, Alan Bergman, Marilyn Keith - Nice 'N' Easy.xml
Let's take it nice 'n' easy, It's gonna be so easy, For us to fall in love. Hey baby what's you hurry, Relax and don't you worry, We're gonna fall in love. We're on the road to romance, That's safe to say, But let's make all the stops along the way. The problem now of course is, To simply hold your horsees, To rush would be a crime, 'Cause nice 'n' easy does it ev'ry time! time!
Ollie Blanchard and Johnny Malone - Please Love Me Forever (Transcribed).xml
Please love me forever, don't forget me ever. Just listen to my plea. Please don't stop loving me. You're in my dreams nightly, don't take my love lightly. Begging on bended knees, please don't stop loving me. Oh, when I lay me down to sleep, I pray The Lord you're love I'll keep. If I should die before I wake I'll come back for you, that's no mistake. Oh, I'll love you forever, can't forget you ever. Our love was meant to be. Please don't stop loving me. I'll love you forever, can't forget you ever. Our love was meant to be. Please don't stop loving me. Please don't stop loving me.
J. Offenbach, Charlotte Church - Night of Stars and Night of Love.xml
Night of stars, and night of love, Fall gently o'er the waters, Heav'n around, below, above, No more we'll heed the shore! Floating thus in silver light, Sing on! Oh earth's fair daughters, Love had ne'er an hour so bright, In fabled days of yore, The cadenc'd oar will rhyme To the measure we sing, 'Till even charmed Time, Fold a moment his wing. Wander on! "tillthe dawn! Ah! Night of stars, and night of love, Fall gently o'er the waters, Heav'n around, below, above, No more we'll heed the shore. Ah! Gently fall o'er the waters! Heav'n around, below, above! Ah! ah!Ah~!ah! ah! ah! ah
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - I Could Have Danced All Night.xml
I could have danced all night! I could have danced all night and still have begged for more. I could have spread my wings And done a thou sand things I've nev er done before I'll never know what made it so exciting Why all at once my heart took flight I only know when he began to dance with me I could have danced, danced, danced all night I could have night
Otha Young - The Sweetest Thing (I've Ever Known).xml
When I see you in the morning with the sleep still in your eyes, I remember all the laughter and the tears we shared last night. And as we lie here, just two shadows in the light before the dawn, the sweetest thing I've ever known is loving you. And I have never been afraid of losing. And I have never wanted love to be a chain. I only know that when I'm with you, you're my sunshine, you're my rain. The sweetest thing I've ever known is loving you. Now, you and I, we're not children. We have both been loved before. We have given and,we have taken many rides on troubled shores. But all the heartaches and temptations only make me love you more. The sweetest thing I've ever known is loving you. you. the sweetest thing I've ever known is loving you.
Harold Arlen, E. Y. Harburg - Over The Rainbow.xml
When all the world is a hopeless jumble and the raindrops tumble all around, heaven opens a magic lane. When all the clouds darken up the skyway there's a rainbow highway to be found, leading from your window pane to a place behind the sun, just a step beyond the rain.
Rick Knowles - Circle In The Sand.xml
Sun down all a round walk ing thru the sum mer's end Waves crash ba by, don't look back I won't walk a way a gain OH ba by an y where you go We are bound to geth er I be gin ba by, where you end some things are for ev er Ba by can you hear me? Can you hear me call ling?
Guys and Dolls - Luck be a Lady.xml
They call you lady luck But there is room for doubt At times you have a very unlady like way Of running out You're on this date with me The pickings have been lush And yet before the evening is over You might give me the brush You might for get your manners You might refuse to stay And so the best that I can do is pray Luck be a lady tonight Luck be a lady tonight Luck if you've ever been a lady to begin with Luck be a lady tonight Luck let a gentleman see how nice a dame you can be I know the way you've treated other guys you've been with Luck be a lady with me A lady never leaves her escort It isn't fair, it isn't nice A lady doesn't wander all over the room And blow on some other guy's dice So Let's keep this party polite Never get out of my sight Stick with me baby, I'm the guy that you came in with Luck be a lady Luck be a lady Luck be a lady tonight
Charles Wolcott, Ray Gilbert - Two Silhouettes.xml
The curtain of night is drawn back by ev'ry shimmering star, A boy appears, a girl appears, And darling here we are, Two Silhouettes together in the afterglow, Two silhouettes become as one when lights are low, And with the night slumbering on we'll build a dream for two, A perfect dream set to a theme lovely as you Two hearts on fire will soon inspire the stars to dance The flames that stray will light the way to our romance And when I hold you in my arms To my heart's delight, Two silhouettes will drift away into the night. Two silhou night. Will drift away into the night (hm)
Irving Berlin - When I Leave the World Behind.xml
I'll leave the sunshine to the flowers I'll leave the springtime to the trees and to the old folks I'll leave the memries of a ba by upon their knees I'll leave the nighttime to the dreamers I'll leave the songbirds to the blind I'll leave the moon above to those in love when I leave the world behind when I leave the world behind.
Bud Flanagan, Reg Connelly - Underneath The Arches .xml
Underneath the arches I dream my dreams away underneath the arches on cobblestones I lay Evry night you'll find me tired out and worn happy when the daylight comes creeping heralding the dawn sleeping when its raining and sleeping when its fine I hear the trains rattling by a bove Pavement is my pillow no matter where I stray underneath the arches I dream my dreams away.
Frederick Lowe, Alan Jay Lerner - If Ever I Would Leave You.xml
If ever I would leave you, it wouldn't be in summer. Seeing you in summer I never would go. Your hair streaked with sunlight, your lips red as flame, your face with a lustre that puts gold to shame. But if I'd ever leave you, it couldn't be in autumn.  How I'd leave in autumn I never will know. I've seen how you sparkle when fall nips the air. I know you in autumn and I must be there. And could I leave you running merrily through the snow? Or on a wintry evening when you catch the fire's glow? If ever I would leave you, how could it be in springtime, knowing how in spring I'm bewitched by you so? Oh, no! not in springtime, summer winter or fall! No, never could I leave you at all! And could I all!
Boney M - Brown girl in the ring.xml
Brown girl in the ring, tralalalala, There's a brown girl in the ring, tralalalalala, Brown girl in the ring, tralalala. She looks like a sugar in a plum, plum plum. Show me your motion, tralalalala, Come on, show me your motion la tralalalalala, Show me your motion, tralalala, She looks like a sugar in a plum, plum plum. All had water run dry, Got nowhere to wash my clothes.
Composter Unknown, 1739, Charles Wesley - Christ The Lord Is Risen Today.xml
Christ, the Lord is ris'n today, Alleluia! Sons of men and angels say: Alleluia! Raise your joys and triumphs high, Alleluia. Sing, ye heav'ns and earth reply, Alleluia.
Johnny Green, Edward Heyman, Robert Sour, Frank Eyton - Body and Soul (diatonic middle).xml
My heart is sad and lonely, For you I sigh, for you, dear, only, Why haven't you seen it? I'm all for you, body and soul. I spend my days in longing and wond'ring why it's me you're wronging, I tell you I mean it, I'm all for you, body and soul. I can't believe it, It's hard to conceive it, that you'd turn away romance. Are you pretending? It looks like the ending unless I could have one more chance to prove, dear, My life a wreck you're making, You know I'm yours for just the taking, I'd gladly surrender myself to you, body and soul.
John Rowles - If I Only Had Time.xml
So much to do if I only had time if I only had time Dreams to pursue if I only had time They'd be mine Time like the wind goes hurrying by and the hou rs just fly Where to be gin there are moun tains I'd climb if I had time Since I met you I thought Life really is too short Loving you so manythings we could make true A whole century isnt enoughto satisfy me.
Traditional, Robert Burns - Auld Lang Syne.xml
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot and days of Auld Lang Syne, For Auld Lang Syne, my dear, For Auld Lang Syne, We'll take a cup of kindness yet, For Auld Lang Syne We twa' ha'e ran aboor the brae, and pu'd the Gowans fine. We've wandered mony a weary foot sin Auld Lang Syne. For Auld Lang Syne, my dear, For Auld Lang Syne, we'll take a cup of kindness yet, for Auld Lang Syne.
Vaughn Horton - Bar Room Polka.xml
I know a lot of places for refreshments, taverns and saloons and cabarets, but as you paint the town, don't run a good place down, remember one good point, don't call it a dive or a joint! It's called a "tap room" in Pennsylvania in Manhattan it's a "plush lined club" it's just a "gin mill" in old Chicago, and in Lon don it's a in' "pub" they serve you cocktails, in Ritzy new port and it's "boiler makers" in Squee dunk but no matter where you are, when you stagger from a bar, you're just plain old fashioned drunk.
Cole Porter - True Love.xml.1
Suntanned, windblown, Honeymooners at last alone, Feeling far above par. Oh, how lucky we are, While I give to you and you give to me True love, true love so, on and on it will always be. true love, true love. for you and I have a gaurdian angel on high With nothing to do But to give to you and to give to me. Love forever true I true
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - Embraceable You.xml
Embrace me, my sweet embraceable you. Embrace me you irreplaceable you! Just one look at you, my heart grew tipsy in me. You and you alone bring out the gypsy in me. I love all the many charms about you; Above all I want my arms around you. Don't be a naughty baby come to papa, come to papa do! My sweet embraceable you. you.
Erno Rapee, Lew Pollack - My Dianne.xml
I'm in heaven when I see you smile smile for me my Di anne and though evrythings dark all the while I can see you Dianne you have lighted the road leading home pray for me when you can but no matter whereever I roam Smile for me my Dianne
Ray Henderson, B.G. DeSylva, Lew Brown - Together.xml
We strolled the lane together laughed at the rain together sang love's refrain together and we'd both retend it would never end One day we cried together cast love aside together You've gone from me but in my memory we always will be together.
Blanche Merrill, M.K. Jerome - Jazz Baby.xml
I'm a jazz baby Little jazz baby that's me there's something in the tone of a saxophone that makes me do a little wiggle all my own cause I'm a jazz baby full of jazzbo harmony that walk the dog and ball the jack that caused all the talk is just a copy of the way I natrally walk cause I'm a jazz baby little jazz baby that's me
Traditional - Yankee Doodle.xml
Father and I went off to war, Along with Captain Gooding, And there we saw the men and boys, As thick as hasty pudding. Yankee Doodle, keep it up, Yankee Doodle Dandy;Mind the music and the step, And with the girls be handy.And there we see a thousand men, As rich as Square Davis, And what they wasted every day, I wish it could be saved
J. B. F. Wright 1925 - Precious Memories.xml
Prec ious mem ories un seen an gels sent from some where to my soul How they lin ger ev er near me and the sa cred past un fold Pre cious mem oris how they lin ger how they ev er flood my soul in the stil lness of the mid night pre cious sac red scenes un fold. prec ious fa ther lov ing mo ther fly a cross the lone ly years to old home scenes of my child hood with fond mem o ies ap pear Pre cious mem oris how they lin ger how they ev er flood my soul in the stil lness of the mid night pre cious sac red scenes un fold. Prec ious mem ories un seen an gels sent from some where to my soul How they lin ger ev er near me and the sa cred past un fold Pre cious mem oris how they lin ger how they ev er flood my soul in the stil lness of the mid night pre cious sac red scenes un fold.
Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting.xml
Oceans apart day after day, and I slowly go insane. I hear your voice on the line but it doesn't stop the pain. If I see you next to never How can we say forever? Whereever you go what ever you do, I will be right here waiting for you. What ever it takes or how my heart breaks, I will be right here waiting for you I took for granted all the times that I thought would last somehow. I hear the laughterI taste the tears But I can't get near you now Oh can't you see it baby You've got me going crazy. I wonder how we can survive this romance But in the end if I'm with you I'll take the chance.
Pete Rugulo, Bob Russell - Interlude.xml
A corner of the world, a moment out of time, two people chanced to meet, how bittersweet, how sublime. And clinging there a while to gaze across the years, and hope the sun that sets brings no regrets and no tears.
Meredith Willson - May The Good Lord Bless And Keep You.xml
May The Good Lord Bless And Keep you, Whether near or far away, May you find that long awaited golden day today. May your troubles all be small ones, And your fortune ten times ten, May the good Lord bless and keep you till we meet again. May you walk with sunlight shining, And a bluebird in ev'ry tree, May there be a silver lining, Back of ev'ry cloud you see. Fill your dreams with sweet tomorrows, Never mind what might have been, May the Good Lord Bless And Keep You till we meet again: May The Good Lord Bless And Keep You till we meet, Till we meet again
M. Remigi, Paul Vance & Eddie Snyder - Can I Trust You.xml
Can I Trust You will you hurt me, should I give my heart and soul to you. Can I Trust You, or will I be, just another affair you'll be throwing away when you're through. I've been in love before, this time I must be sure, I've got to love again. I've got to try. Help me believe in you, so I'll know what to do, don't let me make one more mistake or I may die.
George Weiss, Hugo Peretti, Luigi Creatore - Can't Help Falling in Love.xml.1
Wise men say only fools rush in, but I can't help falling in love with you. Shall I stay? Would it be a sin, if I can't help falling in love with you? Like a river flows surely to the sea, Darling, so it goes, somethings are meant to be. Take my hand. Take my whole life, too. For I can't help falling in love with you. you. For I can't help falling in love with you.
Cole Porter - It's All Right With Me.xml
It's the wrong time and the wrong place tho' your face, is charming, it's the wrong face; it's not her face but such a charming face that it's all right with me. It's the wrong song in the wrong style tho' your smile is lovely, it's the wrong smile; it's not her smile but such a lovely smile that it's all right with me. You can't know how happy I am that we met, I'm strangely at tracted to you. There's someone I'm trying so hard to forget, don't you want to forget someone too? It's the wrong game, with the wrong chips, tho' your lips are tempting they're the wrong lips; they're not her lips but they're such tempting lips that if some night you're free dear, it's all right, it's all right with me.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Glad To Be Unhappy.xml
Fools rus in, so here I am very glad to be unhappy; I can't win, but her I am, more than gald to be unhappy. Unrequited love's a bore, and I've got it pretty bad. But for someone you adore, it's a pleasure to be sad. Like a straying baby lamb, with no mammy and no pappy, I'm so unhappy, but oh, so glad!
Georges Boulanger, Jimmy Kennedy - My Prayer.xml
My prayer is to linger with you at the end of the day in a dream thats divine my prayer is a rapture in blue with the world far away and your lips close to mine tonight while our hearts are aglow Oh tell me the words that I;m longing to know my prayer and the answer you give may they still be the same for as long as we live that you'll always be there at the end of my prayer
Fred E.Alhert, Joe Young - I'm Gonna Sit Right Down And Write Myself A Letter.xml
I'm gonna sit right down and write myself a letter and make believe it came from you I'm gonna write words oh so sweet they're gonna knock me off my feet a lot of kissess on the bottom I'll be glad I got 'em I'm gonna smile and say I hope you're feeling better and close with love the way you do I'm gonna sit right down and wright myself a letter and make believe it came from you.
traditional Irish tune, Thomas Moore - Believe Me, If All Those Endearing Young Charms.xml
Be lieve me if all those endearing young charms which I gaze on so fondly today were to change by tomorrow and fleet in my arms like fairy gifts fading away thou wouldst still be adored as this moment thou art let thy loveliness fade as it will and around the dear ruin each wish of my heart would entwine itself verdently still.
Henry Nemo - Don't Take Your Love From Me.xml
You could take my castle, that's if I had a castle and I'd miss it for just awhile. You could take my treasure, that's if I had a treasure and I'd face poverty with a smile. But there's one thing I ask of you, one thing you must never do: Tear a star from out the sky and the sky feels blue. Tear a petal from a rose and the rose weeps too. Take your heart away from mine and mine will surely break. My life is yours to make, so please keep the spark awake. Would you take the wings from birds so that they can't fly? Would you take the ocean's roar and leave just a sigh? All this your heart won't let you do. This is what I beg of you, Don't take your love from me.
Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil, Jerry Lieber, Mike Stroller - On Broadway.xml
They say the neon lights are bright on Broad way They say there's always magic in the air. But when you're walkin' down that street and you ain't had enough to eat, the glitter rubs right off and you're nowhere on Broadway. They say the girls are somethin' else on Broad way, but lookin' at them just gives me the blues, 'cause how ya gonna make some time when all you got is one thin dime, and one thin dime won't I'm a star on Broadway.
Frank McNulty - Bye Bye, Baby, Goodbye.xml
Bye bye bye bye bye bye ba by goodbye Gotta get goin bye bye bye baby goodbye had a lotta fun at the dance tonight Cahum a little closer and I'll hold you tight Bye bye bye bye bye bye baby goodbye I get so lonely when we're apart I love you only so don't you break my heart bye bye bye bye bye bye baby goodbye Gotta get goin bye bye bye baby goodbye See you in the mornin bout the break of day Ju hust a little kiss and I'll be on my way bye bye bye bye bye bye baby Goodbye
James Van Heusen - All My Tomorrows.xml
Today I may not have a thing at all, except for just a dream or two. But I've got lots of plans for tomorrow, and all my tomorrows belong to you. Right now it may not seem like spring at all, We're drifting and the laughs are few. But I've got rainbows planned for tomorrow, and all my tomorrows belong to you. No one knows better than I that luck keeps passing me by, that's fate! But with you there at my side, I'll soon be turning the tide, just wait! As long as I've got arms that cling at all, it's you that I'll be clinging to. And all the dreams I dream, beg, or borrow, on some bright tomorrow they'll all come true, and all my bright tomorrows belong to you.
Don Raye, Hughie Prince - Boogie woogie bugle boy.xml
He was a famous trumpet man from out Chicago way he had a boogie style that no one else could play he was the top man of his craft but then his number came up and he was gone with the draft he's in the army now a blowin reveille hes the Boogie woogie bugle boy of Company B They made him blow a bugle for his Uncle Sam It really brought him down because he couldnt jam the captain seemed to understand because the next day the cap went out and drafted a band and now the compny jumps when he plays reveille Company B a toot! a toot a toot diddle ada toot He blows it eight to the bar in boogie rhythm he cant blow a note unless a bass and guitar is playin with im he makes the compny jump when he plays reveille he's the Boogie woogie bugle boy of Compan y B.
Richard S. Willis, Edmond H. Sears - It Came Upon the Midnight Clear.xml
It came upon the midnight clear, That gloious song of old, From angels bending near the earth To touch their harps of gold. "Peace on the earth, good will to men, From heav'ns all gracious King." The world in solemn stillnes lay To hear the angels sing.
Paul and Linda McCartney - Silly Love Songs (Transcribed).xml
You'd  think  that  people  would  have  had  enough  of  silly  love  songs. But  I  look  around  me  and  I  see  it  isn't  so. Some  people  wanna  fill  the  world  with  silly love  songs. And  what's  wrong  with  that? I'd  like  to  know,  'cause  here  I  go again. I  love  you,  I  love  you, I  love  you,  I  love  you, I  can't  ex plain  the  feeling's  plain  to  me.  Say  can't  you  see? Ah,  she  gave  me  more,  she  gave  it  all  to  me. Now  can't  you  see? What's  wrong  with  that? I  need  to  know,  'cause  here  I  go again. I  love  you,  I  love  you. Love  doesn't  come  in  a  minute, sometimes  it  doesn't  come  at  all. I  only  know  that  when  I'm  in it, it  isn't  silly,  no,  it  isn't  silly,  love  isn't  silly  at  all. How  can  I  tell  you  about  my  loved  one? How  can  I  tell  you  about  my  loved  one? How  can  I  tell  you  about  my  loved  one? How  can  I  tell  you  about  my  loved  one? I  love  you,  I  love  you, I  love  you,  I  love  you, I  love  you,  I  love  you, I  love  you,  I  love  you, You'd  think  that  people  would  have  had  enough  of  silly  love  songs. But  I  look  around  me  and  I  see  it  is n't  so,  oh  no. Some  people  wanna  fill  the  world  with  silly love  songs. And  what's  wrong  with  that?
Duke Ellington, Bob Russell - Do Nothing Till You Hear From Me.xml.1
Someone told someone and someone told you, But they wouldn't hurt you, not much, Since ev'ry one spreads the story with his own little personal touch, Do nothing 'till you hear from me. Pay no attention to what's said, why people tear the seam of anyones dream is over my head. Do nothing 'til you hear from me, at least consid er our romance; If you should take the word of others you've heard I have'nt a chance. True I've been seen with someone new, but does that mean that I'm untrue? When we're apart the words in my heart reveal how I feel about you. Some kiss may cloud my memory, and other arms may hold a thrill. But please do nothing 'till you hear it from me and you never will. Do nothing till you hear from
Buffy Sainte Marie - I'm Gonna Be A Country Girl Again.xml
The rain is fallin lightly on the buildings and the cars I've said goodbye to city friends department stores and bars the lights of town are at my back my heart is full of stars and I'm gonna be a country girl again.ooh yes, I'm gonna be a country girl again With an old brown dog and a big front porch and rabbits in the pen, I tell you all the lights on Broadway dont amount to an acre of green and I'm gonnabe a I've spent some time in study oh I've taken my degrees and memorized my formuli my A's 'n' B's 'n' C's but what I know came long ago and not from such as these country girl again.
Herbert Stothart, Harry Ruby, Bert Kalmar - I Wanna Be Loved By You.xml
I wanna be love by you, Just you and nobody else but you. I wanna be loved by you alone, poopoopadoop. I wanna be kissed by you, I wannabe kissed by you a lone, poopoopadoop. I couldn't aspire to anything higher, Then fill a desire to make you my own; papapadra, poopoopadoop.
Muse - Unintended.xml
You could be my unintended choice to live my life extended, you could be the one I'll always love. You could be the one who listens to my deepest inquisitions, you could be the one I'll always love. I'll be there as soon as I can, but I'm busy mending broken pieces of the life I had before. First there was the one who challenged all my dreams and all my balance she could never be as good as you. You could be my unintended choice to live my life extended you should be the one I'll always love. I'll be there as soon as I can, but I'm busy mending broken pieces of the life I had before. Before Beooh ooh Oooh Ooh
Bobby Emmons, Chips Moman - Luckenbach, Texas.xml
The only two things in life that make it worth livin is guitars that tune good and firm feelin women I don't need my name in the marquee lights I got my song and I got you with me tonight maybe it's time we got back to the basics of love let's go to Luckenbach Texas with Waylon and Willie and the boys this successful life we're livin got us feudin like the Hatfields and McCoys between Hank Williams pain songs and Newberrys train songs and Blue Eyes Cryin in the rain out in Luckenback Texas ain't nobody feelin no pain so baby lets sell your diamond ring buy some boots and faded jeans and go away this coat and tie is chokin me in your high society you cry all day we've been so busy keepin up with the Jones four cargarage and we're still buildin on. may be its time we got back to the basics of love. Lets go to
H.J. Gauntlett, Cecil Frances Alexander - Once in royal Davids city.xml
Once in royal Davids city    Stood a lowly cat tle shed where a mother laid her baby in a manger for his bed Mary was that mother mild, Je sus Christ her lit tle child
Erroll Garner - Misty.xml
Look at me, I'm as helpless as a kitten up a tree, and I feel like I'm clinging to a cloud; I can't understand, I get misty just holding your hand. Walk my way and a thousand violins begin to play, Or it might be the sound of your hello, that music I hear, I get misty the moment you're near. You can say that you're leading me on, but it's just what I want you to do; Don't you notice how hopelessly I'm lost, that's why I'm following you. On my own would I wnder thru this wonderland alone, never knowing my right foot from my left, my hat from my gloove, I'm too misty and too much in love.
Harold Arlen, Johhny Mercer - That Old Black Magic.xml
That old black magic has me in its spell That old black magic that you weave so well Those icy fingers up and down my spine the same old witchcraft when your eyes meet mine the same old tingle that I feel in side and then that elevator starts its ride and down and down I go round and round I go like a leaf that's caught in the tide I should stay a way but what can I do? I hear your name and I'm aflame Aflame with such a burning desire that only your kiss can put out the fire For you're the lover I have waited for the mate that fate had me created for and ev'rytime your lips meet mine Darling down and down I go round and round I go in a spin loving the spin I'm in under that old black magic called love! That love!
Carl Stutz, Edith Lindeman - Little Things Mean A Lot.xml
Blow me a kiss from across the room. Say I look nice when I'm not. Touch my hair as you pass my chair, little things mean alot Give me your arm as we cross the street. Call me at six on the dot; a line a day when your far away, little things mean alot. Don't have to buy me diamonds and pearls, champagne, sables and such. I never cared much for diamonds and pearls, 'cause honestly honey they just cost money. Give me you hand when I lost my way Give me your shoulder to cry on: Whether the day is bright or gray, give me your heart to rely on. Send me the warmth of a secret smile. to  show me you have'nt for got; that always and ever now and forever little things mean a lot. lot.
Dave Luther - Pretty Girl.xml
The other day as I made my way, I heard the music start too play Happy sound people all around I knew that I was here to stay: Suddenly by the tree Goodness me Pretty girl, let me take you home on a bright and sunny morning We danced all night in the pale moon light and now the day is dawning She worked all week in the discotique, she looked at me but didn't speak: The beat was good and I knew I should have brought an extra pair of feet. What a day! So I say! Yip Hooray! Pretty girl let me take you home on a bright and sunny morning We danced all night in the pale moon light and now the day is dawning.
Don Redman, Andy Razaf - Gee Baby, Ain't I Good To You.xml
Love makes me treat you the way that I do. Gee, baby ain't I good to you! There's nothin' too good for a girl that's so true Gee, baby ain't I good to you! Bought you a fur coat for Christmas, a diamond ring, a Cadilac car, an' ev'rything. Love makes me treat you the way thatI I do Gee, baby ain't I good to you! you!
Hank Williams - May You Never Be Alone.xml
like a bird that's lost it's mate in flight i'm a lone and oh so blue to night like a piece of drift wood on the sea may you nev er be a lone like me i be lieved the lies you told to me when you whis pered, 'dear' i wor ship thee now here am i a lone and blue all be cause i loved no one but you
Gwen Stefani - Don't Speak.xml
You and me, we used to be together, ev'ry day together, always. I really feel that I'm losing my best friend, I can't believe this could be the end. It looks as though you're letting go, and if it's real then I don't want to know. Don't speak, I know just what you're sayin', so please stop explaining, don't tell me 'cause it hurts. Don't speak, I know what you're thinkin'. I don't need your reasons, don't tell me 'cause it hurts. Old memories, they can be inviting but some are all together mighty frightening. As we die both you and I with my head in my hands I'll soon be crying. It's all ending, we've got to stop pretending who we are. You and me, I can see us dying, aren't we? Don't speak, I know just what you're sayin', so please stop explaining, don't tell me 'cause it hurts. Don't speak, I know what you're thinkin', I don't need your reasons, don't tell me 'cause it hurts. Don't tell me 'cause it hurts. sons, I know you're good, I know you're good, I know you're real good.
Kye Fleming, Dennis Morgan, Charles Quillen - I Wouldn't Have Missed It For The World.xml
Our paths may never cross again maybe my heart will never mend but I'm glad for all the good times you brought me so much sun shine and love was the best its ever been I wouldn't have missed it for the world wouldn't have missed lovin you girl you made my whole life worth while with your smile I wouldn't trade one memory cause you mean too much to me Even though I lost you girl I wouldn't have missed it for the world. missed it for the world.
Peter Hart, Ralph Butler - Nellie the elephant.xml
To Bombay a travelling circus came they brought an intelligent elephant and Nellie was her name. gain. Nellie the elephant packed her trunk and said goodbye to the circus off she went with a trumpety trump trump trump trump now Nellie the elephant packed her trunk and dledback to the jungle off she went with a trumpety trump trump trump trump the head of the herd was calling far far away they met one night in the silver light on the road to Mandalay
Michael Durso, Mel Mitchell & Murl Kahn - Petticoats Of Portugal.xml
When breezes blow PETTICOATS OF PORTUGAL, There's quite a show On the streets of Portugal; Each passerby winks his eye whistles and smiles, The ooh's and ah's, loud hurrahs, echo for miles; Those shapely gams neath PETTICOATS OF PORTUGAL, Start traffic jams, But the cop on the square doesnt care! There ain't a male alive who doesn't thrive on watching skirts blow free! Especially the PETTICOATS OF PORTUGAL.
Neil Sedaka, Philip Cody - Solitaire.xml
There was a man a lonely man who lost his love thru' hid indifference a heart that cared that went unshared until it died within his silence and Solitaire's the only game in town and evry road that takes him takes him down and by himself its easy to pretend he'll never love again and keeping to himself he plays the game without her love it always ends the same while life goes on around him evrywhere he's playing Solitaire.
John Lewnnon, Paul McCartney - Help!.xml
When I was younger so much younger than today I never needed anybody's help in any way. But now these days are gone, I'm not so self assured. Now I find I've changed me mind, I've opened up the doors. Help me if you can I'm feeling down. And I do appreciate you being round. Help me get my feet back on the ground. Won't you please please help me.
Bryan Wells, Ron Miller - Yester-Me,Yester-You,Yesterday.xml
What happened to the world we knew when we would dream and scheme and while the time away, Yesterme, yesteryou, yesterday. Where did it go, that yesterglow when we could feel the wheel of life turn our way, Yesterme, yesteryou, yesterday.
George Weiss, Jerry Bock, Larry Holofcener - Too Close For Comfort.xml
Be wise, be smart, behave my heart, don't upset your cart when she's so close. Be soft, be sweet, but be discreet, Don't go off your beat. She's too close for comfort, Too close, too close, for comfort, Please not again. Too close, too close to know just when to say "When." Be firm, be fair, be sure beware on your guard, Take care while there's such temtation One thing leads to another Too late to run for cover She's much too close for comfort now! Be now!
Friedr.W.Moller, Antonia Ridge - The Happy Wanderer.xml
I love to go awandering along the mountain track and as I go I love to sing my knapsack on my back Val de ri Val de ri Val de ri Val de ha ha ha ha ha ha Val de ri Val de ra my knap sack on my back. I wave my hat to all I meet and they wave back to me and black birds call so loud and sweet from evry green wood tree tra la la la la tra la la la la tra la la la la tra la la la rI tra la la la la from evry green wood tree.
Billy Hill - In the Chapel In The Moonlight.xml
There's a little old church thats covered with moss where I held your hand tenderly I often go there to gaze at the cross and dream that you'll come back to me How I'd love to hear the organ in the chapel in the moonlight while we're strolling down the aisle where roses entwine How I'd love to hear you whisper in the chapel in the moonlight that the lovelight in your eyes forever will shine till the roses turn to ashes till the organ turns to rust If you never come I'll still be there till the moonlight turns to dust how I'd love to hear the choir in the chapel in the chapel as they sing "Oh Promise Me" forever be mine How I'd love the hear the mine
Sandra Seamons, Kay Davage&Bob Harris - Walk Through This World.xml
Walk through this world with me go where I go, Share all my dreams with me I need you so. In life we search and some of us find, I've looked for you, my love a long, long time. And now that I've found younew horizons I see, Come, take my hand and walk through this world with me Walk through this world with me go where I go, Share all my dreams with me I need you so. And now that I've found younew horizons I see, Come, take my hand and walk through this world with me. Come, take my hand and walk through this world with me.
Vincent Rose, Al Jolson, B.G.De Sylva - Avalon.xml
I found my love in Avalon beside the bay I left my love in Avalon and sail'd away I dream of her and Avalon from dusk till dawn and so I think I'll travel on to Avalon
Arthur Crudup - That's All Right.xml
Well that's all right, mama. That's all right for you. That's all right mama, just any way you do. That's all right, that's all right. That's all right, mama, any way you do. My mama, she done told me, papa done told me too. Son, that gal you're foolin' with, she ain't no good for you. But that's all right, that's all right. Thnat's all right mama, any way you do.
Eric Clapton - Layla.xml
What will you do when you get lonely and no one wait ing by your side you've been runn ing and hid ing much too long you know it's just your fool ish pride Lay la you've got me on my kness Layla I'm begging darling please Layla darling won't you ease my worried mind
Art Fitch, Bert Lowe, Kay Fitch - Sweetheart Of All My Dreams.xml
I love you, I love you, I love you, Sweetheart of all my dreams. I love you, I can't live without you, My life is empty it seems. You may do what you may, Whatever you say, You know that I'll always love you this way. I love you, I love you, I love you, You are my sweetheart in dreams, it seems, Sweetheart of all my dreams. I dreams.
Seymour Simons, Haven Gillespie, Richard A. Whiting - Honey.xml
I'm in love with you Honey. Say you love me too Honey. No one else will do Honey, Seems funny but it's true. Loved you from the start Honey. Bless your little heart Honey. Ev'ry day would be so sunny, Honey, with you you.
Ande Rand, Buck Ram - Only You.xml
Only you can make this world seem right. Only you, can make the darkness bright. Only you and you alone can thrill me like you do and fill my heart with love for only you. Only you, can make this change in me. For it's true you are my destiny. When you hold my hand I understand the magic that you do. You're my dream come true, my one and only you.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - The Blue Room.xml
We'll have a blue room, a new room, for two room, where ev'ryday's a holiday because you're married to me. Not like a ballroom a small room, a hall room, where I can smoke my pipe away, with your wee head upon my knee. We will thrive on, keep alive on just nothing but kisses, with Mister and Missus on little blue chairs. You sew your trousseau, and Robinson Crusoe is not so far from wordly cares as our blue room far away upstairs
Leo Maguire, adaptation of traditional British Isles folk song  - The Gypsy Rover.xml
The gypsy rover came over the hill down thro the valley so shady he whistled and sang till the greenwoods rang and he won the heart of a lady ah di do ah di dodaday adidoahdidaydee he whisted and sang till the greenwoods rang and he won the heart of a lady.
Burton Lane, E. Y. Harburg - Old Devil Moon.xml
I look at you and suddenly something in your eyes I see soon begins bewitching me. It's that old devil moon that you stole from the skies. It's that old devil moon in your eyes. You and your glance make this romance too hot to handle. Stars in the night blazing their light can't hold a candle to your razazle dazzle.You've got me flyin' high and wide on a magic carpet ride full of butterflies inside. Wanna cry wanna croon, wanna laugh, like a loon. It's that old devil moon in your eyes. Just when I think I'm free as a dove old devil moon deep in your eyes blinds me with love.
Jack Little, Tommie Malie & Dick Finch - Jealous.xml
I'm Jealous of the moon that shines above, because it smiles upon the one I love I'm Jealous of the birdies in the trees, they're al ways singing sweetest melodies. I'm Jealous of the pretty flowers too. I miss the kiss they always get from you I'm Jealous of the "ticktock" on the shelf, I'm even getting Jealous of myself.
Mark Paul, Paddy Roberts, Pierre Dudan - Softly softly.xml
Softly softly come to me touch my lips so tenderly softly softly turn the key and open up my heart hand le me with tenderness and say you'll leave me never in the warmth of your caress my love will live for ever and ever so softly softly come to me touch my lips so tenderly softly softly turn the key and open up my heart. heart.
Johannes Hans Bouwens - Holy Day.xml
Take a pony and I'll go, to better land I know, looking for a place to stay . fishing on the riverside, sun is shining warm and bright, Yes this is a Holy day OH HOLY DAY oh Holy Holy Day This is my Holy Holy Holy Day Oh Holy Day, oh Holy Holy Day: This is my Holy Holy Holy Day Water is there clean and clear, You can live there without fear. People try to understand. Forget your troubles and your pain, someday you will stand again. Yed this is a Holy day Day, Oh Holy Holy Holy Day
Issachar Miron - Tzena, Tzena, Tzena.xml
Tzena Tzena Tzena Tzena Cant you hear the music playing in the city square Tzena Tzena Tzena Tzena come where all our friends will find us with the dancers there Tzena Tzena join the celebra tions ther'll be people there from evry nation dawn will find us laughing in the sunlight dancing in the city square Tzena Tzena come and dance the hora one two three four all the boys will envy me for Tzena Tzena when the band is playing my heart's saying Tzena Tzena Tzena. Tzena
Bob Nolan - Tumbling Tumbleweeds.xml
See them tumbling down Pledging their love to the ground lonely but free I'll be found drifting along with the tumbling tumble weeds Cares of the past are behind Nowhere to go but I'll find just where the trail will wind drifting along with the tumbling tumble weeds I know when night has gone that a new world's born at dawn I'll keep rolling along deep in my heart is a song here on the range I belong drifting along with the tumbling tumble weeds.
Carly Rae Jepsen, Tavish Crowe and Josh Ramsay - Call Me Maybe.xml
I threw a wish in the well. Dont ask me I'Il never tell. I looked to you as it fell and now you're in my way. I trade my soul for a wish, pen nies and dimes for a kiss. I wasn't looking for this but now you're in my way. Your stare was holdin', ripped jeans, skin was showin', Hot night, wind was blowin'. Where you think you're going baby? Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number, so call me, maybe. Its hard to look right at you baby but here's my number, so call me, maybe. Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number, so call me, maybe. and all the other boys try to chase me, but here's my number, so call me, maybe. You took your time with the call. I took no time with the fall. You gave me nothing at all but still, you're in my way. I beg and borrow and steal, have foresight and it's real I didn't know I would feel it but now it's in my way. Your stare was holdin', ripped jeans, skin was showin', hot night, wind was blowin'. Where you think you're going baby? Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number, so call me, maybe. Its hard to look right at you baby but here's my number, so call me, maybe. Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number, so call me, maybe. and all the other boys try to chase me but here's my number, so call me, maybe. Before you came into my life I missed you so bad... I missed you so bad... I missed you so, so bad... Before you come into my life I missed you so bad... and you should know that I missed you so, so bad... Its hard to look right at you baby but heres my number, so call me, maybe. Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me, maybe. And all the other boys try to chase me but here's my number, so call me, maybe. Before you came into my life I missed you so bad... I missed you so bad... I missed you so, so bad... Before you come into my life I missed you so bad... and you should know that so call me, maybe.
unknown - eileen o' grady.xml
there's a sweet lit tle la dy named eil een o' gra dy i wish i could call her my own shure i won't be con tent ed till she has con sent ed to be mis tress bar ney ma lone i first meet this trea sure out walk ing at lei sure a lone on a bright sum mers day with out a ny warn ing te top of the morn ing i just said to her right a way "come", come bea uti ful eil een out for a drive with me o ver the moun tain and down by the foun tain home thro' the val ley, dear, won't it be love ly don't be un kind, make up your mind on a drive to cas tle bar, to the road i'm no stran ger, for you there's no dang er so hop like a bird on me could jaun ting car".
Werner Thomas - Chicken Dance.xml
with a little bit of this and a little bit of that then a little wiggle down and up a gain with a little bit of this and a little bit of that then a little jiggle down and up a gain with a little peck for you and a little peck for me then a little giggle too and then a glance with a little bit of this and a little bit of that its a lot of fun to do the birdie dance then we all make a star and circle left and sing as we go round the floor then we change hands and circle to the right we're having fun to night lets dance some more then we all lets dance some more with a little bit of dance
R.Bowling - Blanket On The Ground.xml
Come and look out thru the window that big old moon is shining down tell me now does it remind you of a blanket on the ground? remember back when lover first found us we'd go slippin out of town and we loved beneath the moonlight on a blanket on the ground I'll get the blanket from the bed room and we'll go walkin once again to that spot down by the river where our sweet love first beganjust because we are married dont mean we can't sleep around so lets walk out thru the moonlight and lay the blanket on the ground.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - The Long And Winding Road.xml
The long and winding road that leads to your door will never disappear I've seen that road before It always leads me here lead me to your door The wild and windy night that the rain washed away has left a pool of tears crying for the day Why leave me standing here let me know the way Many times I've been alone and many times I've cried anyway you'll never know the many ways I've tried. And still they lead me back to the long winding road. You left me standing here a long long time ago. Don't leave me waiting here lead me to your door. But
Jack Pitman - Beyond the Reef.xml
Beyond the reef where the sea is dark and cold, my love has gone, and our dreams grow old. There'll be no tears, there'll be no regretting Will she remember me? Will she for get? I'll send a thousand flowers when the trade winds blow. I'll send my lonely heart, for I love her so. Some day I know she'll come back again to me. Till then my heart will be beyond the reef. Some day I know she'll come back again to me. Till then my heart will be beyond the reef.
Randy Newman - You've Got A Friend In Me.xml
You've got a friend in me You've got a friend in me. When the road looks rough ahead and you're miles and miles from your nice warm bed, you just remember what your old pal said. Son, You've got a friend in me. Yeah, you've got a friend in me. You've got a friend in me. You've got a friend in me. You got troubles then I got them too. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you. If we stick together we can see it thru, 'cause, You've got a friend in me. Yeah, you've got a friend in me. Now, some other folks may be a little bit smarter than I am. bigger and stronger too, Maybe. But none of them will ever love you the way I do, just me and you, boy. And as the years go by, our friendship will never die. You're gonna see it's our destiny. You've got a friend in me. You've got a friend in me. You've got a friend in me.
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - The Song Is You.xml.1
I hear music when I look at you; a beautiful theme of ev'ry dream i ever knew. Down deep in my heart I hear it play, I feel it start, then melt away. I hear music when I touch your hand; a beautiful melody from some enchanted land. Down deep in my heart, I hear it say, is this the day? I alone have heard this lovely strain, I alone have heard this glad refrain; Must it be forever inside of me, why can't I let it go, why can't I let you know? Why can't I let you know the song my heart would sing? That beautiful rhapsody of love and youth and spring? the music is sweet, the words are true. The Song Is You.
Alicia Keys - Fallin'.xml
I keep on fallin' in and out of love witha you. Sometimes I love you sometimes you make me blue. Sometimes I feel good. At times I feel used. Loving you dar ling makes me so confused. I keep on fallin' in and out of love witha you. I never loved someone the way that I love ayou. Oh, oh, I never felt thisa way. How do you give me so much pleas ure and cause me so much pain? Yeah, yeah. Just when I think I'm taking more than would a fool. I start fallin' back in love with you I keep on fallin' in and out of love witha you. I never loved someone the way that I love ayou. Oh baby. I, I, I, I'm fallin'. I, I, I, I'm fallin'. Fall fall fall. I keep on fallin' in and out of love witha you. I never loved somone the way that I love ayou. I'm fallin' in and out of love with ayou. I never loved somone the way that I love ayou. I'm fallin' in and out of love with ayou. I never loved someone the way that I love ayou.
Jack Segal, Robert Wells - When Joanna Loved Me.xml
Today is just another day, tomor row is a guess. But yesterday, what I'd give for yesterday, to relive one yesterday, and its happiness.When Joanna loved me, Everytown was Paris,Everyday was Sunday, Everymonth was May. When Joanna loved me, Every sound was music, Music made of laughter, Laughter that was bright and gay. But when Joanna left me, May became Deccember. But even in December loves me, And once again it's Paris, Paris on a Sunday,and the month is May. When Joanna I re member her touch her smile and for a lit tle while she
Charles Parry, William Blake - Jerusalem.xml
And did those feet in ancient time walk upon England's mountains green? and was the Holy lamb of God on England's pleasant pastures seen? And did the countenance divine shine forth upon our clouded hill? and was Jerusalem buildedhere among those dark satanic mills? 2) Bring me my bow of burning gold bring me my arrows of desire! bring me my spear! O clouds un fold bring me my chariot of fire! I will not cease from mental fight nor shall my sword sleep in my hand Till we have built Jerusalem in Englands green and pleasant land.
Isham Jones, Gus Kahn - Swingin' Down The Lane.xml
Ev'rybody hand in hand, Swnigin' down the lane, Ev'rybody feelin' grand, Swingin' down the lane, That's the time I miss the bliss that we might have known, Nights like this when I'm all alone; when the moon is on the rise, Honey, I'm so blue, Watshin' lovers makin' eyes, Like we used to do, When the moon is on the wane still I'm waitin' all in vain, Should be swingin' down the lane with you Ev'rybody you.
Raleigh, Barkan  - That's The Way Boys Are.xml
When I'm with my guy and he wat ches all the pret ty girls go by And I feel so hurt deep in side I wish that I could die. Not a word do I say I just look the oth er way When he treats me rough and he acts as tho he real ly does n't care Well, I nev er tell him that he is so un fair 'Cuz he loves me and I know it But he's just a fraid to show it! Cuz THAT'S THE WAY BOYS ARE THAT'S THE WAY BOYS ARE When he wants to be a lone, I just let him be Cuz I know that soon en ough He will come back to me When we have a fight I think that I won't see him an y more Then be fore I know it there he is stand in' at my door Well, I let him kiss me there and then cuz I know he wants me back a gain
Duke Ellington, Johnny Hodges - I'm Beginning To See The Light.xml
I never cared much for moonlit skies I never winked back at fireflies but now that the stars are in your eyes I'm beginning to see the light. I never went in for after glow, or candlelight on the mistletoe, but now that you've turned the lamp down low I'm beginning to see the light. Used to ramble through the park, shadow boxing in the dark then you came and caused a spark that's a four alarm fire now I never made love by lantern shine, I never saw rainbows in my winebut now that your lips are burning mine I'm beginning to see the light.
Hans May, Alan Stranks - You Will Return To Vienna.xml
You will return to Vienna Hearts always yearn for Vienna Sparkle of wine Music divine Star light above laugter and love Tho hearts may sigh in Vienna dreams never die in Vienna hope lights the gloom and the lilacs still bloom til you return to Vienna Til you return to Vienna!
Alan Menken, Tim Rice - A WHOLE NEW WORLD.xml
I can show you the world Shining, shimmering, splendid Tell me princess, now when did you last let your heart decide? I can open your eyes Take you wonder by wonder Over, sideways and under On a magic carpet ride. A whole new world A new fantastic point of view No one to tell us no Or where to go Or say we're only dreaming A whole new world A dazzling place I never knew But, now, from way up here It's crystal clear That now I'm in a whole new world with you. Unbelievable sights Indescribable feeling Soaring, tumbling, freewheeling Through an endless diamond sky. A whole new world A hundred thousand things to see I'm like a shooting star I've come so I can't go back to where I used to be. A whole new world With new horizons to pursue I'll chase them anywhere There's time to spare Let me share this whole new world with you. A whole new world That's where we'll be A thrilling chase A wondrous place For you and me.
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Never Let Me Go.xml
Never let me go! Love me much too much! If you let me go life would lose it's touch! What would I be without you? There's no place for me without you! Never let me go! I'd be so lost if you went away. There'd be a thousand hours in the day without you, I know! Because of one caress my world was over turned at the very start; all my bridges burned by my flaming heart! You'd never leave me would you? You couldn't hurt me could you? Never let me go! Never let me go! go!
Cliff Friend, Jack Reynolds (1961) - Old Man Time.xml
Old man time he's so mean: meanest man you ever seen. He gives you youth, then he steals it away. He takes your nice pretty hair: turns it gray. Makes you rich, makes you poor. He's a dog that's for sure. All your dreams and your schemes ain't worth a dime. So have a good time ev 'ry day, 'cause you'll never get away from old man, old man time.
Billy Idol - White Wedding.xml
Hey little sister, what have you done? Hey little sister, who's the only one? Hey little sister, who's your superman? Hey little sister, who's the one you want? Hey little sister, shotgun It's a nice day to start again It's a nice day for a white wedding It's a nice day to start again There is nothing fair in this world There is nothing safe in this world And there's nothing sure in this world And there's nothing pure in this world Look for something left in this world
Bob Nolan - Cool Water.xml
All day I've faced a barren waste without the taste of watter. Cool water Old Dan and I with throats burnt dry and souls that cry for water. Cool, clear water. Keep amovin', Dan; don't you listen to him, Dan; He's a devil not a man, and he spreads the burning sand with water. Dan, can you see that big green tree where the water's running free, And it's waiting there for you and me? nights are cool and I'm a fool; each star's a pool of water. Cool water. But with the dawn I'll wake and yawn and carry on to water.
Mack David, Al Hoffman, Jerry Livingston - A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes.xml
When I was a little girl, my father used to say, if trouble ever troubles you, just dream your cares away. A dream is a wish your heart makes when you're fast, asleep In dreams you will lose your heartaches whatever you wish for you keep. Have faith in your dreams and someday your rainbow will come smiling through no matter how your heart is grieving if you keep on believing the dream that you wish will come true. A true.
Henri Betti, Andre Hornez (French), Jerry Seelen (English) - C'est Si Bon.xml
"C'EST SI BON," Lovers say that in France, When they thrill to romance, It means that it's so good. C'EST SI BON, So I say it to you Like the French people do, Because it's oh, so good. Ev'ry word, ev'ry sigh, ev'ry kiss, dear, Leads to only one thought and it's this, dear. It's so good, Nothing else can replace, Just your slightest embrace. And if you only would, be my own, For the rest of my days. I will whisper this phrase, My darling, "C'EST SI BON" "C'EST SI BON," de partir n'importe ou, Bras dessus bras dessous En chantant des chansons. C'EST SI BON, De se dir' des mots doux, Des petits riens du tout Mais qui en disent long. En voyant notre mine ravie, Les passants dans la rue, nous envient. C'EST SI BON, De guetter dans ses yeux, Un esspoir mervielleux, Qui donne le frisson. C'EST SI BON, Ces petits sensations. Ça vaut mieux qu'un million. Tell' ment, tell'ment c'est bon. BON," I mean that it's so good, When I say "C'EST SI BON," And I say, "C'EST SI BON,", Because it's oh, so good.
Richard A. Whiting, W. Franke Harling, Leo Robin - Beyond The Blue Horizon.xml
Beyond the blue horizon, Waits a beautiful day; Goodbye to things that bore me, Joy is waiting for me. I see a new horizon, My life has only begun; Beyond the blue horizon, Lies a setting sun. Besun.
Gloria Shayne Baker - Goodbye Cruel World.xml
Goodbye cruel world. Goodbye cruel world. Goodbye cruel world, I'm off to join the circus. gonna be a broken hearted clown. Paint my face with a goodfor nothin' smile 'cause a mean, fickle woman turned my whole world upside down. Goodbye cruel world. Farewell to love, I'm off to join the cir cus. gotta find a way to hide my tears. Bet I'll have them rollin' in the aisles and I'll forget that woman if it takes a hundred years. Goodbye cruel world. oh wo wo Step right up and take a look at a fool. He's got a heart as stuborn as a mule. Come on ev'ry body, he's good for a laugh, And noone can tell his heart is broken in half, ah well, the joke's on me, I'm off to join the circus. Oh, Mister Barnum, save a place for me. Shoot me out of a cannon I don't care; Let the people point at me and stare; I'll tell the world that woman, whereever she may be; That mean fickle woman made a cryin' clown out of me. Goodbye cruel world. (InterludeCaliope) Shoot me out of a cannon I don't care; Let the people point at me and stare; I'll tell the world that woman, whereever she may be; That mean fickle woman made a cryin' clown out of me. Goodbye cruel world. Goodbye cruel world. Goodbye cruel world. (fade out)
Walter Gross, Jack Lawrence - Tenderly.xml.1
The evening breeze caressed the trees tenderly, The trembling trees embraced the breeze tenderly. Then you and I came wandering by and lost in a sigh were we. The shore was kissed by sea and mist tenderly. I can't forget how two hearts met breathlessly. Your arms opened wide and closed me inside, you took my lips, you took my love so tenderly. The evening ly.
Joe Burke, Al Dubin - Tip toe thru' the tulips with me.xml
Tiptoe to the windowby the window that is where I'll be come tiptoe thru'the tulips with me Tiptoe from your pillowto the shadow of a willow tree and tiptoe thru' the tulips with me. me knee deep in flowers we'll stray we'll keep the showersaway and if I kiss you in the garden in the moonlight will you pardon me come tiptoe thru' the tulips with me
Avery Parrish, Buddy Feyne, Robert Bruce - After Hours.xml
After hours, when it's time to close the doors and turn the lights down low, After hours, where the lonely shadows spend the night that's where I go! You can find me walkin' with those after blues, after hours with the blues. Lookin' around for a place to forget her, I keep comin' back to the one where we met. It's dark and deserted, but something about it still makes me aware that I care for her yet. Out of the past comes a dim recolection, she's sittin' with me at a table for two; Then in the dark of a window's reflection, I see I'm alone and i know that we're thru. And I go on walkin' with those after hours blues after hours, just the blues and me. I try to find some peace of mind; a friend ly voice, someone who's kind. I close my eyes try not to think, oh, Lord, got ta have a drink, oh, Lord please help me to forget. Oh, Lord, my heart is heavy yet. Oh, Lord, I've got to find a place where I won't see that haunting face. A place where I can go to lose those melancholy after hours blues. The night is still, the streets are bare; and llike the blues, she's ev'rywhere. i close my eyes, but mem'ries stay, oh, Lord, make then go away. She;s gone why can't she let me be? She's gone and yet she's here with me. So on I go to find a place
Traditional - The Holly and The Ivy.xml
The holly and the ivy when they are both fullgrown of all the trees that are in the wood, the holly bears the crown. the rising of the sun and the running of the deer The playing of the merry organ sweet singing in the choir
Mitchell Torok - Caribbean (Down In The).xml
Have you ever been down to Haiti, when the summer sun was sinkin' low There's nothin' but romance, just everwhere you glance, and the native hearts are all aglow, but when the Cuban Queen comes upon the scene, They all stare like a statue out of stone and when they realize what's before their eyes the other girls are left all a lone. Down in the Caribbean it's not a dream you're seen' when you get a glimpse of the lady with the charms but from miles away you can see her sway to the beat of the Cuban conga line that forms. Up in a tree so high way up in the sky sits a wideeyed monkey on a limb. He wonders why the people go to so much trouble just to try and be like him. He doesn't under stand that it's a lady's hand that makes a heart beat so sublime, but before too long he starts singing the song and then he gets in the congaline. Down in the Caribbean it's not a dream you're seen' when you get a glimpse of the lady with the charms but from miles away you can see her sway to the beat of the Cuban conga line that forms. Col umbus searched for spices but he missed the nicest part of the Caribbean He didn't see the charms and the open arms it was the gold he was seein oh but I'm glad he missed the sweetest thing I've kissed 'cause we're on our honey moon. I'm so sorry Chris to talk about you like this but you were five hundred years too soon. Down in the
Richard A. Whiting, Harry Akst, Gus Kahn - Guilty.xml
Is it a sin is it a crime loving you dear like I do? If it's a crime then I'm guilty guilty of loving you maybe I'm wrong dreaming of you dreaming the lonely night thru' If it's a crime then I'm guilty guilty of loving you What can I do what can I say after I've taken the blame? you say you're through you'll go your way but I'll always feel the same maybe I'm right maybe I'm wrong loving you dear like I do If it's a crime then I'm guilty guilty of loving you.
Jimmy Pankow - Color My World.xml
As time goes  I realize just what you mean to me and now, now that you're near, promise your love that I've waited to share and dreams of our moments togetheer color my world with hopes of loving you.
Freddie Grant, Gerald Morrison, Hamilton Kennedy, Ted Steels - How Can You Buy Killarney.xml
(Instrumental) An Ameri can landed on Erin's green isle, He gazed at Killarney with rapturous smile, How can i buy it He said to his guide, I'll tell you how with a smile he replied How can you buy all the stars in the skies? How can you buy two blue Irish eyes? How can you purchase a fond mothers sighs? How can you buy Killarney Naturebestowed all her gifts with a smile, The em'rald the shamrock, the Blarney, When you can buy all these wonderful things Then you can buy Killarney!
Lou Christie, Twyla Herbert - RHAPSODY IN THE RAIN.xml
Ba by, the rain drops play for me a lone ly rhap so dy 'cuz on our first date we were mak in' out in the rain In this car our love went much too far It was ex cit ing as thun der to nite I won der where you are The wind shield wip ers seem to say To geth er To geth er To geth er To geth er And now they are say ing: "Nev er, Nev er OOO WEE OOO WEE BA BY RHAP SO DY IN THE RAIN RHAP SO DY IN THE RAIN Ang els keep cry in' for me "Don't Stop!" Ang els keep cry in' for me "Don't Stop!" Ba by I'm parked out side your door... Re mem ber mak in' love mak in' love We were mak in' love in the storm and then a flash from a bove Light 'ning Light 'ning Light 'ning Light 'ning Just like our love it was ex cit ing Ex cit ing Yest er day, Bring back yest er day
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - Chattanooga Choo-Choo.xml
Pardon me boy is that the Chattanooga Choochoo Track twenty nine Boy you can gimme a shine I can afford to board a Chattanooga Choochoo I've got my fare and just a trifle to spare you leave the Penn sylvania station 'bout a quarter to four, read a magazine and then you're in Baltimore, Dinner in the diner nothing could be finer than to have you ham 'n eggs in Carolina. When you hear the whistle blowin' eight to the bar Then you know that Tennessee is not very far Shovel all the coal in gotta keep it rollin' Woo, Woo, Chattanooga there you are Ther's gonna be a certain party at the station Satin and lace I used to call funny face She's gonna cry until I tell her that I'll never roam so Chattanooga Choochoo won't you choo choo me home Chattanooga choochoo won't you choo choo me home.
Ben Ryan 1926 - (The Gang That Sang) Heart Of My Heart.xml
Heart of my heart I love that melody heart of my heart brings back a memory when we were kids on the corner of the street we were rough and ready guys but oh how we could harmonize heart of my heart meant friends were dear er then Too bad we had to part I know a tear would glisten if once more I could listen to that gang that sang heart of my heart.
Jimmy van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Going My Way.xml
This road leads to Rainbowville. Going my way? Up ahead is Bluebird Hill. Going my way? Just park a basket full of wishes And off you start with Sunday morning in your heart. 'Round the bend you'll see a sign, "Dreamers Highway." Happiness is down the line. Going my way? The smiles you'll gather will look well on you. Oh, I hope you're going my way too. too.
Tim Spencer - Room full  of Roses.xml
If I sent a rose to you for ev'ry time you made me blue Youd have a room full of roses If I sent a rose of white for ev'ry time I cried all night You'd have a room full of roses and if you took the petals and you tore them all apart you'd be tearing at the roses just the way you tore my heart. If someday you're feeling blue and you could send some roses too well I dont want a room full of roses I just want my arms full of you.
Mike Hawker & Ivor Raymonde - I Only Want To Be With You.xml
I don't know what it is that makes me love you so I only know I never wanna let you go "cos you started somethin' Oh can't you see that ever since we met you've had a hold on me It happens to true I only want to be with you It doesn't matter where you go or what you do I wanna spend each moment of the day with you Oh lok what has happened with just one kiss I never knew that I could be in love like this It's crazy but it's true I only want to be with you
Anouk - Our own love.xml
I'm watching your shadow cut by the moon peaceful I wait for the dawn These moments in silence are all that I need the softness of hearing you breath I know it doesn't get better than this funny it starts with just one little kiss Baby all I know you're no longer alone we've started a home of our own love All my love is yours, you're no longer alone we've started a home of our own love lone Baby all I know you're no longer alone we've started a home of our own love All my love is yours, you're no longer alone Baby all I know you're no longer alone Baby all I know you're no longer alone we've started a home of our own love
Luiz Bonfa, Carl Sigman - A Day In The Life Of A Fool.xml
A Day In The Life Of A Fool. A sad and a long lonly day. I'll walk the av en ue and hope I'll run into the welcome sight of you coming my way. I stop just across from your door but you're never home any more. So back to my room and there in the gloom I cry tears of goodbye 'Till you come back to me, thats the way it will be evry day in the life of a fool.
traditional - A child this day is born.xml
A child this day is born a child of high renown most worthy of a scep tre a sceptreand a crown Glad tidings to all men glad tidings sing we may because the King of Kings was born on Christmas Day These tidings shep herds heard whilst watching o'er their fold twas by an angel unto them that night revealed and told
Val Burton, Will Jason - Penthouse Serenade.xml
Just picture a penthouse way up in the sky, with hinges on chimneys for stars to go by, a swee slice of heaven for just you and I when we're alone. From all of society we'll stay aloof, and live in propriety there on the roof, two heavenly hermits we will be in truth when we're alone. We'll see life's mad pattern as we view old Manhattan, then we can thank our lucky stars that we're living as we are. In our little penthouse, we'll always contrive to keep love and romance forever alive, in view of the Hudson just over the drive, when we're alone. Just lone.
Brooks Bowman - East Of The Sun.xml
East of the Sun and west of the moon, We'll build a drea house of love, dear. Near to the sun in the day, Near to the moon at night we'll line in a lovely way, dear, Living on love and pale moonlight. Just you and I, forever and a day, Love will not die, We'll keep it that way. Up among the stars we'll find a harmony of life to a lovely tune, East of the Sun and west of the Moon, dear, East of the Sun and west of the moon.
Harry Gordon, Tommie Connor - Down In The Glen.xml
At hush of eventide o'er the hills beyond the Clyde I go roaming to my heaven down in the glen though humble it may be there an angel waits for me in that onely little hea ven down in the glen across the moonlit heather my lassie calls as I roam tis soon we'll be together in that heaven we call home the sheep are in the fold and there's peace worth more than gold for a shepherd in that heaven down in the glen.
Traditional Folk, Huddie Ledbetter, John Lomax - Goodnight Irene.xml
Irene goodnight Iren goodnight Goodnight Irene goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams. Last  Saturday night I got married. Me and my wife settled down. Now me and my wife are parted I'm gonna take another stroll down town. Irene goodnight, Irene goodnight Goodnight Irene goodnight Irene I'll see you in my dreams    Sometimes I live in the country Sometimes I live in the town. Sometimes I have a great notion to jump into the river and drown.
Johnny Mandel, Paul Francis Webster - The Shadow Of Your Smile.xml
The Shadow of your smile when you are gone will color all my dreams and light the dawn. Look into uy eyes, my love, and see all the lovely things you are to me. Our wistful little star ws far too high, a teardrop kissed you lips and so did I Now when i remember Spring, all the joy that love can bring, I will be remembering the shadow of your smile.
Tadd Dameron, Carl Sigman - If You Could See Me Now.xml
If you could see me now you'd know how blue I've been. One look is all you'd need to see the mood I'm in. Perhaps then you'd realize I'm still in love with you. If you could see me now you'd find me being brave, and tryin awf'lly hard to make my tears behave. But that's quite impossible. I'm still in love with you. You'll happen my way on some mem'rable day and the month will be May for a while. I'll try to smile but can I play the part without my heart behind the smile? The way I feel for you I never could disguise. The look of love is written plainly in my eyes. I think you'd be mine again if you could see me now.
Taylor Swift - Speak Now.xml
I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion, but you are not the kind of boy who should be marrying the wrong girl. I sneak in and see your friends and her snotty little family all dressed in pastel, and she is yelling at a bridesmaid somewhere back inside a room wearing a gown shaped like a pastry. Thiiis iis surely not what you thought it would be, III lose myself in a daydream where I stand and say: Don't say yes, run away now, I'll meet you when you're out of the church at the back door. Don't wait or say a single vow, you need to hear me out and they said speak nowow. Fond gestures are exchanged, and the organ starts to play a song that sounds like a death march. And I am hiding in the curtains, it seems that I was uninvited by your lovely bridetobe. Sheee floats down the aisle like a pageant queen, but III knowoh you wish it was me, you wish it was me, (don't you?) Don't say yes, run away now, I'll meet you when you're out of the church at the back door. Don't wait or say a single vow, you need to hear me out and they said speak nowow. Don't say yes, run away now, I'll meet you when you're out of the church at the back door. Don't wait or say a single vow, your time is running out and they said speak nowow. Oh... la... oh oh. Oo... oo... I hear the preacher say speak now or forever hold your peeeeace. There's the silence, there's my last chance, I stand up with shaky hands , all eyes on me. Horrified looks from everyone in the room, but I'm only looking at you. I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion, but you are not the kind of boy who should be marrying the wrong girl. So don't say yes run away now, I'll meet you when you're out of the church at the back door. Don't wait or say a single vow, you need to hear me out (they) said speak nowow. And you say let's run away now, I'll meet you when I'm out of my tux at the back door. Baby, I didn't say my vows, so glad you were around when they said speak nowow.
Amy Winehouse - Love is a Loseing Game.xml
For you I was a flame; love is a losing game. Five story fire as you came; love is a losing game. One wish: I never played; Ooh, what a mess we made. And now the final frame; love is a losing game. Been played out by the band; love is a losing hand. Much more then I could stand Love is a losing hand Self professed profound 'till the chips all were down Know your're a gamblin man love is a losing hand Though I am battle blind love is a fate resigned memories mar my mind love is a fate resigned over futile odds and laughed at by the gods and now the final frame love is a losing game
Pat Ballard - Mister Sandman.xml
Mister samdman bring me a dream, make her com plexion like peaches and cream. Give her two lips like roses in clovver, then tell her that my lonesome nights are over. Sand man, I'm so alone, don't have nobody to call my own Please turn on your magic beam, Mister Sandman bring me a dream. Mister
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - Come To Me, Bend To Me.xml
Because they've told me I can't behold ye til weddin' music starts playin"; To ease my longin', there's nothin' wrong in me standin' out here and sayin': Oh come to me, bend to me, kiss me good day! Darlin', my darlin', tis all I can say, just Come to me, bend to me, kiss me goodday! Give me your lips an' don't take them away. Come, dearie near me so ye can hear me I've got to whisper this softly For though I'm burnin' to shout my yearnin' the words comne tiptoein' off me. Oh, way.
Sam Coslow - In The Middle Of A Kiss.xml
In the middle of a kiss Suddenly it dawned on me In the middle of a kiss I knew you were mine. In the middle of a sweet embrace, That you at first resented Remember how surprised we were To find we really meant it? In the middle of a sigh we stumbled into Paradise. In the twinkle of an eye we lost it again. For we didn't comprehend that our dream of love would end. Just the way it began, In the middle of a kiss.
Rod McKuen - I'll Catch The Sun.xml
I'll Catch The Sun, and never give it back again. I'll Catch The Sun, and keep it for my own. And in a world where noone under stands, I'll take my outstretched hand, and offer it to anyone. Who comes a long and tells me he's in need of love, in need of hope, or maybe just a friend. Perhaps in time I'll even share my sun with that new anyone, to whom I gave my hand.
Ralph Rainger, Leo Robin - Easy Living.xml
Living for you is easy living. It's easy to live when you're in love, and I'm son in love, there's nothing in life but you. I never regret the years I'm giving. They're easy to give, when you're in love. I'm happy to do whatever I do for you, for you. Maybe I'm a fool but it's fun. Peo ple say you rule me with one wave of your hand. Darling it's grand, they just don't understand. Living for you is easy living. It's easy to live when you're in love, and I'm so in love. There's nothing in life but you.
Fred Rose - Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain.xml
In the twilight glow I see you blue eyes crying in the rain when we kissed goodbye and parted I knew we'd never meet again love is like a dying ember only memor ies remain through the ages I'll remember blue eyes crying in the rain Now my hair has turned to silverall my life I've loved in vain I can see your star in heaven blue eyes crying in the rain some day when we meet up yonder we'll stroll hand in hand again in a land that knows no parting blue eyes crying in the rain blue eyes crying in the rain.
Charles Ingle, Albert Chevalier - My Old Dutch.xml
I've got a pal. A reg'lar out an outer She's a dear good old gal' I'll tell yer all about 'er. It's many years since we first met, 'Er 'air was then as black as jet, It's Whiter now, but she don't fret, Not my old gal. We've been together now for forty years, An it don't seem a day too much, There ain't a lady livin' in the land As I'd "swop" for my dear old Dutch. There ain't a lady livin' in the land As I'd "swop" for my dear old Dutch.
George Bennard 1913 - The Old Rugged Cross.xml
on a hill far a way stood an old rug ged cross the em blem of suf fering and shame and I love that old cross where the dear est and best for a world of lost sin ners was slain so I'll cher ish the old rug ged cross 'til my tro phies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rug ged cross and ex change it some day for a crown Oh that old rug ged cross so des pised by the world has a won derous a trac tion for me for the dear Lamb of God left His glo ry a bove to par don and sanc ti fy me so I'll cher ish the old rug ged cross 'til my tro phies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rug ged cross and ex change it some day for a crown to the old rug ged cross I will ev er be true It's shame and re proach glad ly bear then He'll call me some day to my home far a way where His glo ry for ev er I'll share. so I'll cher ish the old rug ged cross 'til my tro phies at last I lay down I will cling to the old rug ged cross and ex change it some day for a crown
Frank Lake, Jimmy Hughes - Bless 'em All.xml
Bless em all bless em all the long and the short and the tall Bless all the sergeants and double u o ones bless all the corpralsand their blinking sons cos we're saying goodbye to them all as back to their billets they crawl You'll get no promotion this side of the ocean so cheer up my lads bless em all
Traditional Irish air, W.G. Rothery - In Derry Vale.xml
In Derry Vale, beside the singing river, So oft I stray'd, ah, many years ago, And cull'd at morn the golden daffodillies That came with spring to set the world aglow. Oh, Derry Vale, my tho'ts are ever turning To your broad stream and fairy circled lea, For your green isles my exil'd heart is yearning, So far away across the sea.
M.K. Jerome, Ray Heindorf, Ted Koehler - Some Sunday Morning.xml
Some Sunday morning is going to be some Sunday morning for someone and me bells will be chiming an old melody spec'lly for someone and me there'll be an organ playing friends and relations will stare say cant you hear them saying Gee what a peach of a pair! Some Sunday morning we'll walk down the aisle He'll be so nervous and I'll try to smile things sure look rosy for someone and me some Sunday morning, you'll see.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - This Guy's In Love.xml
You see this guy This guy's in love with you. Yes I'm in love Who looks at you the way I do? When you smile I can tell we know each other very well. How can I show you I'm glad I got to know you, 'cause I've heard some talk They say you think I'm fine Yes I'm in love and what I'd do to make you mine Tell me now is it so don't let me be the last to know My hands are shaking don't let my heart keep breaking 'cause I need your love, I want your love, say you're in love, in love with this guy If not I shall die
Eddie Green - A Good Man Is Hard To Find.xml
A Good Man Is Hard To Find; you always get the other kind. Just when you think that he is your pal, you look for him and find him fooling 'round some other gal. Then you rave; you even crave to see him laying in his grave. So if your man is nice, take my advice and hug him in the morning, Kiss him ev'ry night.Give him plenty lovin', treat him right. For a good man, nowadays, is hard to find.
Dallas Frazier, Al Owens - All I Have To Offer You Is Me.xml
Before you take another step theres something you should know about the years ahead and how they'll be You'll be living in a world where roses hardly ever grow Cause all I have to offer you is me There'll be no mansions waiting on the hills with crystal chandeliers and there'll be no fancy clothes for you to wear evrything I have is standing here in front of you to see all I have to offer you is me Sweet heart I'll give you all my love in evry way I can But make sure thats what you want while your' still free the only gold I have for you is in this wedding band me
Ernest Ball, Chauncey Olcott, George Graff Jr. - When Irish Eyes Are Smiling.xml
When Irish Eyes Are Smiling, Sure It's like a mornin' Spring In the lilt of Irish laughter. You can hear the angels sing. When Irish hearts are happy. All the world seems bright and gay. And When Irish Eyes Are Smiling, Sure they steal your heart away. When way
Ray Henderson, Buddy G. DeSylva & Bud Green - Alabamy Bound.xml
I'm Alabamy bound There'll be no 'Heebe Jeebies" hangin' 'round Just gave the meanest ticket man on earth All I'm worth To put my tootsies in an upper berth Just hear that choo choo sound I know that soon we're goin' to cover ground And then I'll holler so the world will know Here I go I'm Alabam y bound
Johnny Mercer - Dream .xml
Dream, when ytou're feeling blue, Dream, thats the thing to do. Just watch the smoke rings rise in the air; You'll find your share of mem o ries there. So dream when the day is through; Dream and they might come true. Things nev er are as bad as they seem So dream, dream, dream.
Maria Grever, Stanley Adams - What a Difference a Day Makes.xml
What a diffrence a day made twenty four little hoours brought the sun and the flowers where there used to be rain. My yesterday was blue dear. Today I'm part of you dear. My lonely nights are thru dear since you said you were mine. What a diffrence a day makes there's a rainbow before me Skies above can't be stormy since that moment of bliss; that thrilling kiss. It's heaven when you find romance on your menu What a diffrence a day made and the diffrence is you.
Otto Bonnell - Turkey In The Straw.xml
Turkey in the straw, Turkey in the straw, Turkey in the straw, Turkey in the straw, The funniest thing I ever saw is to play the same old tune and call it Turkey in the straw. Turkey in the straw.
John Loudermilk and Marijohn Wilkin - Waterloo.xml
Now old Adam was the first in history with an apple he was tempted and deceived just for spite the devil made him take a bite and thats where old Ad am met his water loo Wa terloo waterloo where will you meet your waterloo evry puppy has its day evry body has to pay evry body has to meet his Water loo Evry body has to meet his Waterloo
Joe Oliver, Walter Melrose - Sugar Foot Stomp.xml
Beside the river, beside the river down in Dixieland, Banjoes are ringin'; Darkies are singin'; ev'rything is grand. Just listen to that plantation stomp down band. when they start dancin' Stompin' and prancin' the dance called sugar foot stomp; the Swanee River just seems to whisper "let your doggies romp." High steppin' mamma's keep shoutin' all night long: "Oh, daddy sweet daddy, rock your mamma like a cradle, sweet pappa. I must let my doggies romp; do the dance with me they call the sugar foot stomp.
Traditional (Thought by some to be after William Shields, Master of the King's Music), Robert Burns - Auld Lang Syne.xml
Should auld acquaintance be forgot and nev er brought to mind? Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and Auld Lang Syne? For Auld Lang Syne, My dear, for Auld Lang Syne, We'll tak a cup o' kindness yet, for Auld Lang Syne. We twa hae run aboot the braes, and pu'd the gowans fine; But we've wander'd mony a weary fitt sin' Auld Lang Syne. Syne.
Thomas Salter, Eric Mouquet, Josh Groban - Awake.xml
A beartiful and blinding morning. The world outside begins to breathe. See clouds arriving without warning. I need you here to shelter me. And I know that only time will tell us how to carry on without each other. So keep me awake to memorize you. Give me more time to feel this way. We can't stay like this forever, but I can have you next to me. today. If I could make these moments endless, If I could stop the winds of change, If we just keep our eyes wide open, then ev'rything would stay the same. And I know that only time will tell me how we'll carry on without each other. So keep me awake for ev'ry mo ment, and give us more time to be this way. We can't stay like this forever, but I can have you next to me today.. We'll let tomorow wait. You're here right now with me. And all my fears just fall away when you are all I see. Whoa. We can't stay like this forever, But I have you here today And we will rememer. Oh, we will remember. Ooh Hey. Remember all the love we shared today.
Cole Porter - Wunderbar.xml
Wunderbar! wunderbar! what a perfect night for love! here am I, here you are why it's truly wunderbar wunderbar wunderbar we're a lone and hand in glove not a cloud near or far why its more than wunderbar oh care, dear for you madly and I long dear for your kiss I would die dear for you gladly you're divine dear and you're mine dear wunderbar wunderbar there's our fav'rite star above what a bright shining star! like our love it's wunderbar.
Celestine Akins - A Night to Remember.xml
To oo night is a night to re me m ber The night when we fell in love To oo night is a night to re me m ber The night I've been dream ing of The an gels cried when you sighed I'll be le eav ing The world stood still at the thrill of our first And now we stand hand in hand in your do or way and pledge our hear r arts to re me e em ber
Con Conrad, Herbert Magidson - The Continental.xml
Beautiful music! Dangerous rhythm! It's some thing daring, The Continental, A way of dancing that's really ultra new; It's very subtle, The Cintinental, Because it does what you want it to do. It has a passion, The Continental, An invitation to moonlight and romance; It's quite the fashion, The Continental Because you tell of your love while you dance. Your lips whisper so tenderly, Her eyes answer your song. Two bodies swaying, The Continental, And you are saying just what you're thinking of; So keep on dancing The Continental, For it's the song of romance and of love. You kiss while you're dancing; It's continental It's continental You sing, while you're dancing; Your voice is gentle and sentimental. You'll know before the dance is through, That you're in love with her and she's in love with you. You'll find while you're dancing, That there's a rhythm in your heart and soul; A certain rhythm tat you can't control, And you will do The Continental all the time. Beautiful music! Dangerous rhythm!
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Norwegian Wood.xml
I once had a girl or should I say she once had me She showed me her room "Isn't it good Norwegian She asked me to stay and she told me to sit anywhere So I looked around and I noticed there wasn't a chair I sat on a rug biding my time drinkingher wine We talked until two and then she said "It's time for bed" She told me she worked in the morning and started to laugh I told her I didn't and crawled off to sleep in the bath And when I awoke I was alone this bird had flown So I lit a fire isn't it good Norwegian Wood?"
Thomas , Harry  Brooks, Andy Razaf - Black And Blue.xml
Cold empty bed  springs hard as lead,  Pains in my head,  feel like old Ned, What did I do to be so black and blue.? No joys for me, no company, Even the mouse ran from my house. All my life thru, I've been so black and blue. I'm white in side, but that don't help my case, 'Cause I can't hide what is on my face, ooh! I'm so forlorn, life's just a thorn, My heart is torn, why was I born? What did I do to be so black and blue?
Marr, Morrissey - GIRL AFRAID .xml
Girl AF RAID where do his in ten tions lay? OR does he ev en have an y ? She said "He nev er real ly looks at me I give him Ev 'ry op por tun it y in the room down stairs he sat and stared in the room down stairs he sat and stared I'll nev ver make that mis take ag ain NO
Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Sunday, Monday or Always.xml.1
I just can't help but say, What a perfect Saturday, Ev'ry moment went the way it ought to go. I'm jealous, dear already of Phil and Frank and Freddy, I want to be your steady beau,, So, Won't you tell me when we will meet again Sunday Monday or always? If you're satisfied I'll be at your side Sunday Monday or always. No need to tell me now What makes the world go 'round. When at the sight of you my heart begins to pound and pound. And what am I to do Can't I be with you? Sunday Monday or always? always?
Billy Ed Wheeler, Gaby Rogers - Jackson.xml
We got mar ried in a feverhotter than a pepper sprout we've been talk in bout Jackson ever since the fire went out I'm goin to Jackson I'm gonna mess around Yeah I'm goin to Jackson Look out Jackson town  Well go on down to Jackson go ahead and wreck your health go play your hand ya big talkin man make a big fool of yourself yeah yeah go the Jackson but go comb your hair go and snowball Jackson go ahead and see if I care when I breeze in to that citypeople gonna stoop and bow all them somen goin beg me teach em what they dont know how I'm going to Jackson You turn aloose my coat cause I'm goin to Jackson Goodby thatsall she wrote They'll laugh at you in Jackson I'll be dancinona pony keg they'll lead you round town a scolded hound with you tail tucked twee your legs yeah yeah go to Jackson you big talkin man I'll be waitin Jack son be hind my Jaypan fan.
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II, Otto Harbach - Who.xml
Who stole my heart away? Who makes me dream all day? Dreams, I know, can never come true, Seems as tho' I'll ever be blue. Who means my hapiness? Who would I answer: yes, to? Well, you ought to guess who, no one but you. no one but you.
Peter Van Steeden, Harry Clarkson, Jeff Clarkson - Home.xml
When shadows fall, and trees whisper day is ending, My thoughts are ever wending home. When crickets call, my heart is foever yearning Once more to be retruning home. When the hills conceal the setting sun, Stars begin apeeping one by one  Night covers all, And though fortune may forsake me, Sweet dreams will ever take me home. home.
Jerry Brainin, Buddy Bernier - The Night Has A Thousand Eyes.xml
They  say  that  you're  a  runaround  lover, though  you  say,  it  isn't  so. But  if  you  put  me  down  for  another, I'll  know,  believe  me,  I'll  know 'cause  the  night  has  a  thousand  eyes and  a  thousand  eyes  can't  help  but  see, if  you  are  true  to  me. So  remember  when  you  tell  those  little  white  lies that  the  night  has  a  thousand  eyes. You  say  that  you're  at  home  when  you  phone  me and  how  much  you  really  care. Though  you  keep  telling  me  that  you're  lonely I'll  know  if  someone  is  there 'cause  the  night  has  a  thousand  eyes and  a  thousand  eyes  can't  help  but  see if  you  are  true  to  me. So  remember  when  you  tell  those  little  white  lies that  the  night  has  a  thousand  eyes. One  of  these  days  you're  gonna  be  sorry 'cause  your  game  I'm  gonna  play. And  you'll  find  out  with out  really  tryin' each  time  that  my  kisses  stray 'cause  the  night  has  a  thousand  eyes and  a  thousand  eyes  will  see  me  too no  matter  what  I  do I  could  never  disguise  all  my  little  white  lies 'cause  the  night  has  a  thousand  eyes. So  remember  when  you  tell  those  little  white  lies that  the  night  has  a  thousand  eyes.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz hart - It Never Entered My Mind.xml
Once I laughed when I heard you saying that I'd be playing solitaire, uneasy in my easy chair, It never entered my mind. Once you told me I was mistaken that I'd awaken with the sun and order orange juice for one, it never entered my mind. You have what I lack myself, and now I even have to scratch my back myself. Once you warned me that if you scorned me I'd sing the maiden's pray'r again, and wish that you were there again to get into my hair again It never entered my mind, mind,
Zo Elliot, Stoddard King - There's A Long, Long Trail A-Winding.xml
Nights are growing very lonely, Days are very long; I'm agrowing weary only List'ning for your song. Old remembrances are thronging Thro' my memory Till it seems the world is full of dreams Just to call you back to me. There's a long, long trail awinding into the land of my dreams, Where the nightingales are singing And a white moon beams. There's a long, long night of waiting Until my dreams all come true; Till the day when I'll be going down That long, long, trail with you
Albert von Tilzer, Neville Fleeson - Apple Blossom Time.xml
I'll be with you in ap ple blos som time I'll be with you to change your name to mine Someday in May, I'll come to say Happy the bride the sun shines on today what a wonderful wedding there will be what a wonderful day for you and me Church bells will chime you will be mine in apple blossom time
Billy Reid - It's A Pity To Say Goodnight.xml
It's A Pity To Say Goodnight because I never saw stars so bright, but if you gotta go home, you gotta go home, give me a goodnight kiss. It's a pity to say farewell, because the man in the moon won't tell, but if you gotta go home, you gotta go home, give me a goodnight kiss. How's about tomorrow night, just you and me, I'll be waiting for you, Darling, underneath the willow tree. It's a pity to say goodnight, because I want you to hold me tight, but if you gotta go home, you gotta go home, give me a goodnight kiss.
Henry Sanicola, Sol Parker, Frank Sinatra - This Love Of Mine.xml
This love of mine, goes on and on, tho' life is emp ty since you have gone. You're al ways on my mind, tho out of sight, It's lone some thru the day And oh! the night. I cry my heart out it's bound to break, Since noth ing mat ters, let it break, I ask the sun and the moon, the stars that shine, What's to be come of it? This Love Of Mine.
Sammy Fain, Paul Francis Webster - A Very Precious Love.xml
A very precious love is what you are to me, a stairway to a star, a night in Shangrila of ecstasy. Lanterns of gold, lanterns of blue, twinkle in the shadows while I dance with you. An echo in the wind, Across the summer lake, is saying you should know that lanterns lose their glow and hearts can break. So hold me close my darling, then kiss me tenderly; and give your precious love, your very precious love to me. A me.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - Do-Re-Mi.xml
Let's start at the verry beginning! A very good place to start, When you read you begin with A, B, C, When you sing you begin with doremi! Doremi, Doremi. The first three notes just happen to be doremi! Doremi! Doremifasolati Doe a deer, a female deer, Ray a drop of golden sun, Me a name I call myself, Far a long, long way to run, Sew a needle pulling thread, La a note to follow sew, Tea a drink with jam and bread That will bring us back to doohohoh! doe! Doremifasolatido!
Mack Gordo, Harry Owens - Sing Me A Song Of The Islands.xml
Here I am enraptured by the thrill of my Hawaii While I live I'll tell of you the spell of you Hawaii Sing me a song of he islands My serenade that the trade winds know Sing me a song of the islands where hearts are high when the moon is low Where rippling waters seem to say Aloha WaoIAoe Bring me the fragrance of ginger strum your guitars while I dream away Sing me a song of the Islands Aloha waoiaoe waoiaoe
William & Gloria Gaither, 1974 - Gentle Shepherd.xml
gen tle shep herd come and lead us for we need you to help us find our way gen tle shep herd come and feed us for we need your strength from day to day There's no o ther we can turn to who can help us face an oth er day gen tle shep herd come and lead us for we need you to help us find our way
Billie Holiday, Herbert Nichols - Lady Sings The Blues.xml
Lady sings the blues, she's got them bad, she feels so sad. Wants the world to know what the blues are all about. Lady sings the blues, she tells her side, nothng to hide. Now the world will know just what the blues are all about. The blues ain't nothin' but a pain in your heart. When you get a bad start, when you and your man have to part, she ain't gonna just sit around and cry. She knows she won't die because she loves him. Lady sings the blues she's tellin' you she's got them bad. Now the world will know, she's never gonna sing them no more, no more.
Clarence Williams, Lucy Fletcher - Sugar Blues.xml
Have you heard these blues That I'm Going to sing to you When you hear them they will thrill you thro and thro' They're the sweetest blues you ever heard Now listen and don't say a word. Sugar Blues Evrybody's singing the Sugar Blues The Whole Town is Ringing My Lovin Man's sweet as he can be But the doggone fool turned sour on me I'm so unhappy I feel so bad I could lay me down and die. You can say what you choose but I'm all confused, I've got the sweet, sweet Sugar Blues, more sugar, I've got the sweet, sweet Sugar Blues I've got the Blues.
Carole King, Gerry Goffin - Go Away, Little Girl.xml
Go away little girl go away little girl I'm not supposed to be alone with you I know that your lips are sweet but our lips must never meet I belong to someone else and I must be true Oh go away little girl go away little girl I'ts hurting me more each minute that you delay when you are near me like this You're much too hard to resist so go awaylittle girl before I beg you to stay Go a stay
Otis Reading, Steve Cropper - (Sittin' On) The Dock of the Bay.xml
Sittin' in the mornin' I'll be sittin' when the evenin' come, watchin the ships roll in then I watch 'em roll away again Yeah! I'm sittin' on the dock of the bay watch in' the tide roll away (oo ee) sittin' on the dock of the bay wastintime I time Looks like nothin' gonna change ev'rything still remains the same I can't do what ten people tell me to do so I guess I'll remain the same.
Hubert Bath, Al Stillman - Cornish Rhapsody.xml
White cliffs by an ocean of blue, how romantic a view, remember? I hope that you do remember. In dreams I'm with you again. When Love played a song upon the sea at Cornwall. Love walked along with you and me at Cornwall. It was May then, and my heart was gay then You will always be my rhapsody my rhapsody. We watched a bird lost in the sky at twilight. Without a word we kissed goodbye at twilight. Oh my darling now and always You will be my Cornish Rhapsody of love.
Thomas Yorke - Karma Police.xml
Karma police arrest this man, he talks in maths, he buzzes like a fridge, he's like a detuned radio. Karma police arrest this girl, her Hitler hairdo is making me feel ill and we have crashed her party. This is what you get, this is what you get, this is what you get when you mess with us. karma police I've given all I can, it's not enough, I've given all I can but we're still on the payroll. For a minute there I lost myself, I lost myself. Phew, for a minute there I lost myself, I lost myself.
Words and music by  LIONEL  BART - LIVING DOLL.xml
Got myself a crying, talking, sleeping, walking, Living Doll Got to do my best to please her, just 'cos she's a living doll sucha roving eye, and that is why she satisfies my soul Got the one an' only walking, talking, living doll Take a look at her hair, It's real! And if you don't be lieve what I say Just feel! I'm gonna lock her up in a trunk So no big hunk can steal her away from me Got myself a
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da.xml.1
Desmond had a barrow in the market place Molly is the singer in a band Desmond says to Molly girl I like your face and Molly says this as she taked him by the hand. Obla di, obla da, life goes on, brah! La, la how the life goes on Obla Desmond takes a trolley to the jewelry store, Buys a twenty carat golden ring. Takes it back to Molly waiting at the door, And as he gives it to her she begins to sing. Happy ever after in the market place, Desmond lets the children lend a hand. Molly stays at home and does her pretty face. and in the evening she still sings it with the band. In a couple of years, they have built a home sweet home. With a couple of kids running in the yard of Desmond and Molly Jones.
D'mitri Tiomkin and Ned Washington - Town Without Pity.xml
When you're young and so in love as we and bewildered by the world we see, why do people hurt us so, only those in love would know what a town without pity can do. If we stop to gaize upon a star people talk about how bad we are Our's is not an easy age. We're like tigers in a cage. What a town without pity can do. The young have problems, many problems. We need an understanding heart. Why don't they help us, try to help us before this clay and granite planet falls apart. Take these eager lips and hold me fast. I'm afraid this kind of joy can't last. How can we keep love alive, how can anything survive, when these little minds tear you in two? What a town without pity can do. How can we keep love alive, how can anything survive when these little minds tear you in two. What a town without pity can do. No, it isn't very pretty what a town without pity can doo.
Kurt Weill, Ogden Nash - Speak Low.xml
Speak low when you speak love, our summer day withers a way too soon too soon Speak low when you speak love, our moment is swift, like ships a drift, we're swept adrift too soon. Speak low, darling, speak low love is a spark lost in the dark too soon, too soon, I feel wherever I go that tomorow is near, tomorrow is here and allways too love is pure gold, and time a thief. We're late darling we're late the curtain descends, ev'rything ends too soon, too soon, I wait darling I wait will you speak low to me, speak love to me, and soon
Harold Arlen, E. Y. Harburg - Down With Love.xml
Down with love, the flowers, and rice and shoes, Down with love, The root of all midnight blues. Down with things that give you that well know pain. Take that moon and wrap it in cellophane; Down with love, let's liquidate all it's friends, Moon and June and roses and rainbow's end. Down with songs that moan about night and day; Down with love, yes, take it away, a way. Away, take it away. give it back to the birds and the bees and the Viennese. Down with eyes romantic and stupid. Down with sighs, Down with Cupid. Brother let's stuff that dove. Down with love!
James Shirley, Ervin Drake - ONE GOD.xml
Mil lions of stars placed in the sky by ONE GOD Mil lions of men lift up there eyes to ONE GOD So man y child ren call ing to Him by man y a diff' rent name One Fath er Lov ing each the same. Man y the ways all of us pray to ONE GOD Man y the paths wind ing their way to ONE GOD Walk with me broth er, there were no strang ers af ter his work was done For your God and My God are One.
Heather Nova - Maybe an angel.xml
I put my hands where your wings should be Oooh yeah I put my feet where the earth should be Oooh yeah And I can't see very far And when you said that you were dead I hung on Something I feel Oh yeah, you are an angel or maybe you could 've been Something out here Oh yeah, you are an angel or maybe you could 've been I've got this light hangs over me Oooh yeah I've got this fear cuts into me Oooh yeah See how they run And nobody said you would go See how they fall Oooh yeah And I can't see very far And when you said that you were dead I hung on Something I feel Oh yeah, you are an angel or maybe you could 've been Something out here Oh yeah, you are an angel or maybe you could 've been See how they run you are an angel Something out here you are an angel Oooh yeah
Benny Anderson, Bjorn Ulvaeus - Another town, another train.xml
Day is dawn ing and I must go you're a sleep but still I'm sure you'll know why it had to end this way You and I had a groo vy time but I told you some where down the line you would wake and find me gone I just have to move along just another town another train waiting in the morn in rain Lord give me rest less soul a lit tle patience
Victor Herbert, Henry Bache Smith - Gypsy Love Song.xml
Slumber on my little gypsy sweetheart dream of the field and the grove can you hear me hear me in that dreamland where your fancies rove? slumber on my little gypsy sweetheart wild little woodland dove can you hear the song that tells you all my hearts true love.
Artie Shaw, Ben Oakland, Milton Drake - If It's You.xml
Sitting by the fireside and dreaming lovely things, While I'm waiting for a knock or a precious call, Sudden ly I'm startled, my heart leaps up and sings, As I hear familiar footsteps along the hall, If It's You when a knock comes at my door, If it's You then I'll rush across the floor. But if you're not there the sky falls on my schemes again I close the door and rush back to my dreams again When I'm blue and the phone rings in the gloom, If it's you there's a rainbow in my room And when someone kneels with someone making vows for two, If it's me I'll be in heaven if it's You!
Ray Overholt 1959, undefined - Ten Thousand Angels.xml
They bound the hands of Je sus in the gar den where He prayed they led Him through the streets in shame they spat up on the Sav iour so pure and free from sin they said cru ci fy Him He's to blame He could have called then thou sand an gels to des troy the world and set Him free He could have called ten thou sand an gels but He died a lone for you and me up on His pre cous Head they placed a crown of thorns they laughed an side be hold the King they struck Him and they cursed him and mocked His ho ly Name all a lone He suf fered ev ery thing He could have called then thou sand an gels to des troy the world and set Him free He could have called ten thou sand an gels but He died a lone for you and me to the how ling mob He Yield ed He did not for mer cy cry the cross of shame he took a lone and when He cried it's fin ished He gave Him selft to die sal va tion's won der ous plan was done. He could have called then thou sand an gels to des troy the world and set Him free He could have called ten thou sand an gels but He died a lone for you and me
Palmer, Williams - I've Found A New Baby.xml
I found a new baby, I found a new girl. My fashion plate baaby got me in a whirl Her new kind of lovin' done made me her slave her new turele doovin' is all that I crave Sweetest miss with a kiss full of bliss can't resist somehow Tells me lies but she's wise naughty eyes mesmerize me now I do not mean maybe I just had a fall I found a new baaby new baby that's all I found a new
Jerry Jeff Walker - Mr. Bojangles.xml
I knew a man Bojangles and he danced for you, in worn out shoes. With silver hair, a ragged shirt and baggy pants, the old soft shoe. He jumped so high, jumped so high, Then he lightly touched down. Mister Bojangles Mister Bojangles, Mister Bojangles dance. I I met him in a cell in New Orleans, I was down and out. He looked at me to be the eyes of age As he spoke right out. He talked of life, talked of life, He laughed slapped his leg a step
Carl R. Vasta - Christmas Is For Children.xml
Christmas is for children, That's what people say All their smiles are brighter, because of Christmas day. Cookies on the mantle, Santa's on his way. Soon we'll open presents, here on Christmas I remember Christmas, ev'ryone was there, All around our table, the joy that we would share. Christmas is for childeren try it and you'll see, They're calling from your mem'ry, the child you used to be. I remember Christmas A wreath upon the door. Friendly smiles and handshakes, who could ask for more. What ever your live brings you, be happy Christmas day. Christmas is for children, It will always be that way.
Henry Mancini, Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Dear Heart.xml
Dear heart, wish you were here to warm this night My dear heart seems like a year since you've been out of my sight. A single room, a table for one, it's a lonesome town all right but soon I'll kiss you hello at our front door and dear heart I want you to know I'll leave your arms never more. more.
Norbert Schultze, Tommie Conner - Lili Marlene.xml
Underneath the lantern by the barrack's gate darling I remember the way you used to wait. 'Twas there that you whispered tenderly that You loved me you'd always be my Lili of the lamplight my own Lili Marlene. Time would come for rollcall, time for us to part, darling I'd carress you and press you to my heart. And there 'neath that far off lantern light I'd hold you tight, we'd kiss goodnight my Lili of the lamplight my own Lili Marlene Orders came for sailing somewhere over there. All confined to barracks was more than I could bear. I knew you were waiting in the street. I heard your feet But could not meet. My Lili of the lamplight, My own Lili Marlene.
Nacio Herb Brown, Gus Kahn - You Stepped Out Of A Dream.xml
You stepped out of a dread. You are too wonderful to be what you seem. Could there be eyes like your? Could there be lips like your? Could there be smiles like your? honest and truely?You stepped out of a cloud. I want to take you away, away from the crowd, and have you all to myself alone and apart out of a dream, safe in my heart.
W. C. Handy - St. Louis Blues.xml
I hate to see de ev'nin' sun go down hate to see de ev'nin' sun go down. Cause my babby he done lef dis town feelin' tomorrow like Ah feel today feel tomorrow lak Ah feel today I'll pack my trunk make ma get away St. Louis woman wid her diamon' rings pulls dat man roun' by her apron strings. 'twant for powder an' for storebought hair de man I love would not gone nowhere Got de St. Louis Blues jes as blue as Ah can be dat man got a heart lak a rook cast in the sea or else he wouldn't have gone so far from me Been to d Gypsy to ge ma fortune tole to de Gypsy done go ma fortune tole. Cause I'm most wile 'bout m Jelly Roll Gypsy done tole me, "don't you wear no black" yes she done tole me "don't you wear no black" go to St. Louis you can win him back help me to Cairo make st. Louis by ma self git to Cairo find ma old friend Jeff, gwine to pin maself close to his side if A flag his train I sho' can ride. I loves dat man tak a school boy loves his pie tak a Kentucky Col'nel loves his mint an' rye I'' love ma baby till the day Ah die.
Willie Nelson - Angel Flying Too Close to the Ground.xml
If you had not 've fallen, I would not have found you, Angel flying too close to the ground. Then I patched up your broken wing, hung around awhile. try'n to keep your spirits up, and your fever down. I knew someday that you would fly away, For love's the greatest healer to be found. Leave me if you need to; I will still remember Angel flyin' too close to the ground. Fly on, fly on past the speed of sound. I'd rather see you up than see you down. Leave me if you need to; I will still remember Angel flyin' too close to the ground. Leave me if you need to; I will still remember Angel flyin' too close to the ground.
Sam H. Stept, Charles Tobias, Lew Brown - Comes Love.xml
Comes a Rainstorm put your rubbers on your feet comes a snowstorm you can get a little heat comes love nothing can be done Comes a fire then you know just what to do blow a tire you can buy another shoe comes love nothing can be done Oh don't try hiding 'cause there isn't any use You start sliding when your heart turns on the juice comes a headache you can lose it in a day comes a toothache see your dentist right away comes love nothing can be done Comes a heatwave you can hurry to the shore comes a summons you can hide behind the door comes love nothing can be done Comes the measles you can quarantine a room Comes a mousey you can chase it with a broom comes love nothing can be done oh That's all Brother if you've ever been in love That's all brother you know what I'm speaking of Comes a nightmare you can always stay a wake comes depression you may get another break comes love nothing can be done
Johnny Mandel, Morgan Ames - Unless It's You.xml
I wonder why I've loved so few; I guess I'm shy, I'm just like you. And so I try to turn away, though you're the sky to me, the joy to me, the day at times I stray and think I'm free, then in your way you reach for me. You know I'll stay, I always do, for what is love to me Unless it's you. I wonder you.
Lester Lee, Irving Gordon - Christmas Dreaming (A Little Early This Year).xml
I'm doing my Christmas dreaming a little early this year. No sign of snow aroundAnd yet I go aroundHearing jingle bells ringing in my ear. Your promise must be the reason The happy season is here. So I'm doing my Christmas dreaming a little early this year I'm year.
Noel Coward - I'll See You Again.xml
I'll see you again whenever spring breaks through again Time may lie heavy between, but what has been is past forgetting this sweet memory across the years will come to me tho my world may go awry in my heart will ever lie Just the echo of a sigh goodbye.
John Stallings 1976 - Love Grew Where the Blood Fell.xml
see my Je sus on the cross the peo ple cry ing lo oking ing a man would think it trag e dy but what this world could not see was where they nailed Him to that tree it would break the chains of sin's cap tiv i ty Love grew where the blood fell Flowers of hope sprang up for men in mis er y sin died where the blood fell I'm so glad this pre cious blood has cov ered me. Love grew where the blood fell Flowers of hope sprang up for men in mis er y sin died where the blood fell I'm so glad this pre cious blood has cov ered me. Thorns of violence and and hate were grow ing wild ly and the sor row they had caused was plain to see but when that blood came stream ing down that cross where my Je sus bled and died it start ed blos soms of for give ness grow ing free Love grew where the blood fell Flowers of hope sprang up for men in mis er y sin died where the blood fell I'm so glad this pre cious blood has cov ered me. Love grew where the blood fell Flowers of hope sprang up for men in mis er y sin died where the blood fell I'm so glad this pre cious blood has cov ered me.
Leroy Anderson, Mitchell Parish - Serenata.xml
Tonight when all the world is still, here am I under her window sill. Sing to my loved one Serenata for me. Sing her your song, love's melody. So near, yet we're so far apart. Here I'll stand, hoping to win her heart. Go to my loved one, Serenata and say: "When you're in love, love finds a way." Love always finds a way. I'll win her heart some day.
Gilbert Becaud 1961,  Pierre French: Delanoe, English: Carl Sigman 1961 - What Now, My Love?.xml
What now my love now that you left me how can I live through another day watching my dreams turning to ashes and my hopes into bits of
Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley - Once in a Lifetime.xml
once in a lifetime a man knows a moment one wonderful moment when fate takes his hand. And this is my moment, my once in a lifetime when I can explore a new and exciting land. For once in my lifetime I feel like a giant. I soar like an eagle as tho' I had wings. For this is my moment. My destiny calls me. And tho' it may be just once in a lifetime I'm gonna do great things.
Harry Revel, Mack Gordon - Stay As Sweet As You Are.xml
Stay as sweet as you are, Dont let a thing ever change you, Stay as sweet as you are, Don't let a soul rearrange you. Don't ever lose all the charm you possess, Your loveliness, Darling the way you say yes. Stay as sweet as you are, Discreet as you are you're divine,dear, Stay as grand as you are and as you are tell me that you're mine dear Young and gay or old and grey, Near to me or afar Night and day I pray that you'll always stay as sweet as you are.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - This Funny World.xml
This funny world, makes fun of the things that you strive for. This funny world, can laugh at the dreams that you live for; If you're beaten conceal it! There's not pity for you. For the world cannot feel it, Just keep to yourself. Weep to yourself. This funny world can turn right around and forget you. It's always sure to roll right along when you're through. If you are borke you shouldn't mind It's all a joke for you will find, This funny world is making fun of you. you.
William & Gloria Gaither, 1968 - I Believe in a Hill Called Mount Calvary.xml
there are things as we trav el this earth's shift ing sands that tran scend all the rea son of man but the things that mat ter the most in this world they can nev er be held in your hand I be lieve in a hill called mount cal vary I be lieve what ev er the cost and when time has sur rend ered and earth is no more I'll still cling to the old rug ged cross I be lieve that the Christ that was slain on the cross has the pow er to change lives to day for He changed me com plete ly a new life is mine that is why by the cross I will stay I be lieve in a hill called mount cal vary I be lieve what ev er the cost and when time has sur rend ered and earth is no more I'll still cling to the old rug ged cross I be lieve that this life with its great mys ter ies sure ly some day will come to an end but faith will conquer the dark ness and death and will lead me at last to my friend I be lieve in a hill called mount cal vary I be lieve what ev er the cost and when time has sur rend ered and earth is no more I'll still cling to the old rug ged cross
Arthur Hamilton - Cry Me A River.xml.1
Now you say you're lonely you cry the long night thru: Well you can cry me a river, cry me a river, I cried a river overr you. Now you say you're sorry for being so untrue; well you can cry me a river, cry me a river, I cried a river over you.. You drove me nearly drive me out of my head, while you never shed a tear. Remember? I remember all that you said; told me love was to plebe ien. told me you were thru with me an' now you say you love me, well just to prove you do, come on, an' cry me a river, cry me a river, I cried a river over you.
Ray Henderson, Billy Rose, Mort Dixon - That Old Gang Of Mine.xml
Gee but I'd give the world to see that old gang of mine. I can't forget that old quartette that sang "Sweet Adeline" Goodbye forever old fellows and gals, Goodbye forever old sweethearts and pals (God bless them) Gee but I'd give the world to see that old gang of mine. mine.
Cole Porter - C'est Magnifique.xml
When love comes in and takes you or a spin oo la la la C'est magnifique when ev'ry night your loved one holds you tight oo la la la C'est magnifique but when one day your loved one drifts away oo la la la it is so tragique but when once more he whispers "Je t'adore" C'est magnifique.
Johnny Mercer, Hoagy Carmichael - Lazybones.xml
Lazybones sleeping in the sun, how you "spec" to get your day's work done? Never get your day's work done sleeping in the noonday sun Lazybones sleepin in the shade how you spec" to get your corn meal made? Never get your corn meal made sleeping in the evening shade When 'taters need spraying I bet you keep pray ing the bugs fall off of the vine and when you go fishing I bet you keep wishing the fish wont grab at your line Lazybones loafing thru the day how you "spec" to make a dime that way? never make a dime that way he never heard a word I say!
Mack Gordon, Vincent Youmans, Harold Adamson - Time On My Hands.xml
Time on my hands, You in my arms, Nothing but love, in view; Then if you fall, Once and for all, I'll see my dreams come true. Moments to spare for someone to care for, One love affair for two ooh With time on my hands And you in my arms, And love in my heart all for you. you.
George Gershwin, Irving Caesar - Swanee.xml
Swaneehow I love you How I love you My dear old Swanee I;d give the world to be Among the folks in D. I X I E ven now my Mammys waiting for me praying for me down by the swanee the folks up North will see me no more when I go to the Swanee shore
Les Reed and Barry Mason - I'm Coming Home.xml
I'm Coming Home to your loving heart, to the one that I once threw away and broke apart. I want you, I need you, a chance is all I'm askin' now. I must get back to you somehow. So, I am coming home to you, 'cos I am nothing without you. Maybe you found somebody new, but I'm still coming home to you.Please let me stay, and forget your pride now my world is falling round me I got nowhere to hide. I want you, I need you I know it's true I made you cry and like a fool I said goodbye.
Hughie Charles, Ross Parker - We'll Meet Again.xml
We'll meet again don't know where don't know when but I know we'll meet again some sunny day keep smiling thru just like you always do till the blue skies drive the dark clouds far away so will you please say hello to the folks that I know tell them I wont be long they'll be happy to know that as you saw me go I was singing this song we'll meet again don't know where dont know when but I know we'll meet again some sunny day.
Hooverphonic - Vinegar & Salt.xml
I like the things that you hate. And you, hate the things that I like but it hurts, honesty's your church But sometimes, better to lie But sometimes, better to lie I am the vinegar and salt and you are the oil that dissolves my frustration Honesty's limitation But sometimes better to lie But sometimes better to lie But sometimes better to lie But sometimes but sometimes But someI don't dare to ask why.
Art Noel, Don Pelosi - Kiss Me Goodnight, Sergeant Major.xml
Kiss me good night ser geant ma jor tuck me in my little wooden bed we all love you sergeant ma jor specially when you holler show a leg dont forget to wake me in the morning and bring me up a nice hot cup of tea Cor blimey kiss me goodnight sergeant major sergeant major be a mother to me.
Dyer, Scott - WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE .xml
Who am I? I'm just a guy who on ly wants to try to do what's right and nev er make you cry but you're no good for me and Who Do You Think You Are You try to push me a bit too far and ev' ry days sees an o ther scar So tell me who do you think you are You want me there you've got ta care. Who do you think you are tak ing ad van tage of me this way Who Do You Think You Are Hurt ing me more with the things you say Its not fair you don't care Who do you real ly think that you are?
Moises Simons, L.Wolfe Gilbert & Marion Sunshine - Peanut Vendor,The(El Manisero).xml
Peanuts Peanuts If you haven't got bananas don't be blue. Peanuts in a little bag are calling you. For at the very break of day, The peanut vendor's on his way. Thru' ev'ry city, town and country lane, You'll hear him sing his plaintive little strain. And as he goes by to you he'll say Peanuts, roasted today Fteshly roasted today If you're looking for a moral tohis song, Fifty million little monkeys can't be wrong.
Leigh Harline, Ned Washington - When You Wish Upon A Star.xml
When you wish upon a star, makes no diff'rence who you are, any thing your heart desires will come to you. If you heart is in your dream, no request is too extreme, When you wish uupon a star as dreamers do. Fate is kind, She brings to those who love, the sweet fulfillment of their secret longing. Like a bolt out of the blue, Fate steps in and sees you thru, when you wish uppon a star your dream comes true. dream comes true.
Kevin Cavanaugh - MONDAY.xml
Mon day was the last day that I saw you get dressed and I drove you to the air port with your bags and new ad dress and as I watched the plane take off I be lieved that I would get you off of my mind Its Fri day now you're on the phone tell ling me I'm still on your mind it still feels new need some talk ing to how did we fall so far be hind You be lieved in go ing sep' rate ways when some things can't be worked out Oth er times when is there no more grow ing to do. but some times we did man age to pull it all to geth er To geth er Mon day was the last day that I saw you get
Kings of Leon - SEX IS ON FIRE.xml
Lay where you're laying don't make a sound I know they're watch ing watching aLL THE COM MOT TION the kit ty loved pain has peo ple talk ing talk ing YOUR YOUR SEX is on Fire  AND SO Were the words to trans pire Dark of the al ley the break ing of day Head while I'm driv ing driv ing Soft lips are o pen them nuck les are pale Feels like you're dy ing you're dying Hot as a fev er Rat tl ing bones I could just taste it taste it But its not for ev er But its just to night oh we're still the greatest great est
James A. Brennan, Jack Caddigan - The Rose Of No Man's Land (1916).xml
I've seen some beautiful flowwers Grow in life's garden fair. I've spent some wonderful hours Lost in their fragrance rare, But I have found another, Wondrous beyond compare. There's a rose that grows on "No Man's Land" And it's wonderful to see; Tho' it's spray'd with tears, it will live for years, In my garden of memory. It's the one red rose, the soldier knows, It's the work of the Master's hand. 'Mid the wars great curse, stands the Red Cross Nurse, She's the rose of "No Man's Land"Out of the Heavenly splendour Down to the trail of woe God in His mercy has sent her cheering the world below. We call her Rose of Heaven, We've learn'd to love her so.
P.G. Redi, English Shelley Dobbins, Italian: Michele Galdieri - Non Dimenticar.xml
Non dimenticar means dont forget you are my darling dont forget to be all you mean to me Non dimenticar my love is like a star, my darling shining bright and clear just because you're here please do not forget that our lips have met and I've held you tight dear was it dreams ago my heart felt this glow or only just tonight dear? non dimenticar although you travel far my darling its my heart you own so I'll wait alone Non dimenticar.
F. Chopin, adapted by NedWashington, Morris stoloff&George Sydney - To Love Again (From Nocturne in Eb Major).xml
No heart should refuse love, how lucky are the ones who choose love, and if we should lose love, we have the right To Love Again. In a world full of faces so few ever find their places in many cases hearts have lost their way. Don't live in the past Dear, for you and me the die is cast, Dear, but if love won't last Dear,wehavetheright To Love Again.
Dimitri Tiomkin, Paul Webster - My Rifle, My Pony, And Me.xml
Purple skies in the canyons, That's where I long to be, With my three good companions, Just my rifle, pony and me. Gonna hang my sombrero, On the limb of a tree, Comin' home sweetheart darlin', Just my rifle pony and me. Whippoorwill in the willow, Sings a sweet melody, Ridin' to Amarillo, Just my rifle, pony and me. No more cows to be ropin', No more strays will I see. 'Round the bend she'll be waitin' For my rifle pony and me. For my rifle pony and me.
Georges Aurick, William Engvick - Where is Your Heart.xml
Whenever we kiss I worry and wonder your lips may be near, but where is your heart? it's always like this I worry and wonder you"re close to me here but where is your heart? it's a sad thing to realizethat you've a heart that never melts when we kiss do you close your eyes pretending that I'm someone else? you must break the spell this cloud that I'm under so please won't you tell darling where is your heart?
George David Weiss, Joe Sherman - That Sunday (That Summer).xml
If I had to chose just one day to last my whole life through, it would surely be that Sunday, The day that I met you. Newborn whipporwills were callin' from the hills. Summer was acomin' in but fast. Lots of daffodils were showin off their skills, Nodding all together I could almost hear them whisper: "Go on, kiss her, go on and kiss her!" If I had to chose one moment to live within my heart, It would be that tender moment recalling how we started Darling, it would be when you smiled at me that way that Sunday that summer. If I had to summer. If I had to chose just one day.
Geistliche Kirchengesang, St. Francis of Assisi - All Creatures of Our God and King.xml
All creatures of our God and King, Lift up your voice and with us sing, Alleluia! Alleluia! Thou burning sun with golden beam, thou silver moon with softer gleam, O praise Him, O praise Him Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!
Bill Gaither, Bill and Gloria Gaither - It Is Finished.xml
There's a line that's been drawn through the ages On that line stands an old, rugged cross. On that cross, a battle is rag ing For the gain of man's soul or its loss. The earth shakes with the force of the conflict And the sun refuses to shine. For there hangs God's Son in the balance, And then through the darkness He cries, It is finished, the battle is over. It is finished, there'll be no more war. It is finished, the end of the conflict It is finished, and Jesus is Lord.  Still,     in my heart, a battle was raging; Not all pris'ners of war had come home. There were battlefields of my own making; I didn't know that the war had been won. Then I heard how the King of the Ages Had fought all the battles for me, And that vict'ry was mine for the claiming, And now, praise His name, I am free!
Joe Burke, Marty Symes - By the river of the roses.xml
I met her by the river of the roses the sweetest girl this side of the Alamo I left her by the river of the roses with teardimmed eyes she whispered I'll miss you so all the roses have faded since weve been apart but the one rose she gave me will always bloom within my heart and someday by the river of the roses I dont know when but we'llmeet a gain I know,
Tulio Trapani (Mantovani) 1954, Lee Lange (Bunny Lewis) - Cara Mia.xml
Caramia why must we say goodbye? each time we part my heart wants to die My darling hear my pray'r Caramia fair Here are my arms you alone will share All I want is you forevermore to have to hold to love adore Caramia mine say those words divine I'll be your love till the end of time.
Jimmy Long, Gene Autry - That Silver Haired Daddy Of Mine.xml
In a vine covered shack in the mountains, bravely fighting the battle of time, Is a dear one who's weathered life's sorrow, it's that silver haired daddy of mine. If I could recall all the heartaches, dear old Daddy I've caused you to bear. If I could erase, those lines on your face, and bring back the gold to your hair. If God would but grant me the power just to turn back the pagees of time. I'd give all I own if I could but atone To that silver hared daddy of mine. But I know it's too late dear old daddy, to repay for the sorrows and cares, Though dear Mother is waiting in Heaven just to comfort and solace you there.
L. Silberman, A. Grock., Herbert Rule, Tom McGhee - Abie My Boy.xml
Aa by Aa by Aa by my boy what are you waiting for now? You prom ised to marry me one day in June its never too late and its never too soon All the family keep on asking me which day what day I dont know what to say Aa by Aa by Aa by my boy what are you waiting for now?
Allan Brandt, Bob Haymes - That's All.xml
I can only give you love that lasts forever, and the promise to be near each time you call; And the only heart I own, for you and you alone, That's all, that's all. I can only give you country walks in Springtime and a hand to hold when leaves begin to fall; And a love whose burning light will warm the winter night, That's all, that's all. There are those, I am sure, who have told you they would give you the world for a toy. All I have are these arms to enfold you and a love time can never destroy. If you're wond'ring what I'm asking in return, dear, you'll be glad to know that my demands are small: Say it's me that you'll adore, for now and ever more, That's all, that's all.
Don McLean - Vincent.xml
Starry, starry night paint your palette blue and grey, look out on a summers day with eyes that know the darkness in my soul, Shadows on the hills sketch the trees and the daffodils catch the breeze and the winter chills in colors on the snowy linenland And now I understand what you tried to say to me how you suffered for your sanity how you tried to set them free They would not listen they did not know how perhaps they'll listen now. Starry starry night flaming flow'rs that brightly blaze swirling clouds in violet haze reflect in Vincents eyes of China blue Colors changing hue morning fields of amber grain weathered faces lined in pain are soothed beneath the artists loving hand And now I understand what you tried to say to me how you suffered for your sanity how you tried to set them free They would not listen they did now. For they could not love you but still your love was true And when no hope was left in sight on that starry starry night you took your life as lovers often do But I could have told you Vincent this world was never meant for one as beautiful as you Starry starry night portraits hung in empty halls frameless heads on nameless walls with eyes that watch the world and cant forget strangers that youve met ragged men in ragged clothes silver thorn of bloody rose lie crushed and broken on the virgin snow, And now I think I know what you tried to say to me how you suffered for you sanity how you tried to set them free They would not liten they're not list'ning still perhaps they never will.
Jimmy Van Husen, Johnny Burke - It Could Happen To You.xml
Hide your heart from sight, lock your dreams at night. It could happen to you. Don't count stars or you might stumble, someone drops a sigh and down you tumble. Keep and eye on spring, run when church bells ring. It could happen to you. All I did was wonder how your arms would be and it happened to me
Sebastian Temple - Make Me A Channel Of Your Peace.xml
Make me a channel of Your peace. Where there is hatred let me bring You love. Where there is injury Your pardon Lord, and where there's doubt true faith in You. O Master, grant that I may never seek, so much to be consoled as to console to be understood as to understand to be loved as to love with all my soul  Make me a channel of Your peace. Where there's despair in life, let me bring hope. Where there is darkness only light, and where there's sadness ever joy. soul  Make me a channel of Your peace It is in pardoning that we are pardoned, in giving of ourselves that we receive, and in dying that we're born to eternal
Billy Joel - Just The Way You Are.xml
Don't go changing to try and please me You never let me down before mm mm don't imagine you're too familiar And I don't see you any more I would not leave you in times of trouble We never could have come this far mm mm I took the good times I'll take the bad times I'll take you just the way you are Don't go trying Some new fashion Don't change the color of your hair mm mm You always have my unspoken passion Although I might not seem to care I don't want clever conversation I never want to work that hard mm mm I just want someone that I can talk to I want you just the way you are I need to know that you will always be The same old someone that I know Oh What will it take till you believe in me The way that I believe in you I said I love you and that's forever And this I promise from the heart mm mm I could not love you any better I love you just the way you are I don't want clever conversation I never want to work that hard mm I just want someone that I can talk to I want you just the way you are Whoa
Jimmy Duncan - My Special Angel.xml
You are my special angel sent from up above the Lord smiled down on me and sent an angel to love you are my special angel right from Paradise I know that you're an angel heavens in your eyes a smile from your lips brings the summer sunshine the tears from your eyes bring the rain I feel your touch your warm embrace and I'm in heaven again you are my special angel through eternity I'll have my special angel here to watch over
Bernice Petkere, Joe Young - Lullaby Of The Leaves.xml
Cradle me where southern skies can watch me with a million eyes, Oh sing me to sleep, Lullaby Of The Leaves. Cover me with heaven's blue and let me dream a dream or two, Oh sing me to sleep, Lullaby Of The Leaves. I'm breezing along, along with the breeze, I'm hearing a song, a song thru the trees, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh The pine melody caressing the shore, Familar to me, I've heard it before, ooh ooh ooh ooh. That's southland, don't I feel it in my soul, and don't I know I've reached my goal, Oh sing me to sleep, Lullaby Of The Leaves.
Carl Fischer, Bill Carey - You've Changed.xml
You've changed, that sparkle in your eyes is gone. Your smile is just a careless yawn. You're breaking my heart, you've changed. You've changed, your kisses now are so blase. You're bored with me in ev'ry way. I can't understand, you've changed. You've forgotten the words, "I love you," each memory that we've shared. You ignore ev'ry star above you. I can't realize you ever cared. You've changed, you're not the angel I once knew. No need to tell me that we're through. It's all over now, you've changed.
Stanley Murphy & Henry J. Marshall - Be My Little Baby Bumble Bee.xml
Be My Little Baby Bumble Bee (buzz around, buzz around, keep a buzzin round), bring home all the honey love to me (little bee, little bee, little bee). Let me spend the happy hours roving with you 'mongst the flow'rs and when we get where no one else can see (cuddle up, cuddle up, cuddle up). Be My Little Baby Bumble Bee (buzz around, buzz around, keep a buzzin round), we'll be just as happy as can be (you and me, you and me, you and me). Honey keep a buzzin' please I've got a dozen cousin' bees, but I want you to Be My Baby Bumble Bee
Al Neiburg, Doc Dougherty, Ellis Reynolds - I'm confessin'.xml
I'm confessin' that I love you, Tell me do you love me too? I'm confessin' that I need you honest I do Need you ev'ry moment in your eyes I read such strange things, But your lips deny they're true Will your answer really change things making me blue? I'm afraid someday you'll leave me, saying can't we still be friends If you go, you know you'll grieve me, All in life on you depends Am I guessing that you love me dreaming dreams of you in vain I'm confessing that I love you over again.
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - Love Me Or Leave Me.xml.1
Love me or leave me or let me be lonely. You wont believe me, and I love you only. I'd rather be lonely than happy with somebody else. You might find the nighttime the right time for kissing, but nighttime is my time for just reminiscing, regretting instead of forgetting with somebody else. There'll be no one unless that someone is you. I intend to be independ ently blue. I want your love but I don't want to borrow, to have it today and to give back tomorrow, For my love is your love, there's no love for nobody else!!
Billy Rose, Lew Brown & Ray Henderson - Don't Bring Lulu.xml
Your presence is requested, wrote little Johnny White, But with this invitation There is a stipulation; When you attend this party You'll all be treated right But there's a wild and wooly girl You boys can't invite. Now you can bring Pearl, she's a darn nice girl, But don't bring Lulu You can bring Rose with the turned up nose, But don't bring Lulu Lulu always wants to do what we boys don't want her to. Every time she starts around, London bridge is falling down. You can bring cake or fillets of steak, But don't bring Lulu Lulu gets blue and she goes cuckoo Like the clock upon the shelf, She's the kind of smartty who breaks up ev'ry party; Hullabalooloo, don't bring Lulu. I'll bring her myself. all went to the party, a real hightoned affair, And then along came Lulu As wild as any Zulu. She started into Charleston and how the boys did stare But when she did the Hula hula Then she got the air.
Nilo Menenco - Aquellos Ojos Verdes.xml
Your green eyes with their soft lights your eyes that promise sweet nights bring to my soul a longing a thirst for love divine In dreams I seem to hold you, to find you and enfold you, out lips meet and our hearts too with a thrill so sublime Those cool and limpid green eyes a pool wherein my love lies so deep that in my searching for happiness I fear that they will ever haunt me all through my life they'll taunt me but will they ever want me green eyes make my dreams come true.
Frank Loesser - Praise The Lord And Pass The Ammunition.xml
Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition, Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition and we'll all stay free! Praise the Lord and swing into position, Can't afford to sit around awishin' Praise the Lord, we're all between perdition and the deep blue sea! Yes the sky pilot said it You've got to give him credit for a sonofagun of a gunner was he, Shouting: "Praise the Lord, we're on a mighty mission! All aboard! We're not agoin' fishin', Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition and we'll all stay free! free!
Jose Padilla, Lucien Boyer, Jacques Charles, Eric Valentine - Valencia.xml
Valencia land of orange groves and sweet content. you called me from afar, Valencia where a lover croons his sentiment upon a light guitar. Va lencia let me hold a rose between my lips while romance croons alay Valencia, where a troubadour, beneath the moon, once stole my heart away. In my dreams I hear you singing like you used to do, in the dusk each sweet note bringing mem'rys of you, Oh, Carlo, my Carlo where areyou, your love I am needing, beloved I wait in the moonlight just to hear you sing. Valencia, where there's passion in the songs a lover sings beneath the moon, Valencia, I am waiting in my garden for a lov'd one to come soon. I yearn dear, for your Spanish serenade to softly charm my heart anew,Valencia, in a scented orange grove I'm yearning for the love of you.
Acker Bilk, Robert Mellin - Stranger On The Shore.xml
Here I stand watching the tide go out. So all alone and blue, just dreaming dreams of you. I watched your ship as it sailed out to sea. taking all my dreams and taking all of me. The sighing of waves, the wailing of the wind. The tears in my eyes burn pleading "My love, return." Why oh why must I go on like this? Shall I just be alonely Stranger On The Shore?
Kurt Weill, Maxwell Anderson - Lost in the Stars.xml
BeFore Lord God made the sea and the land, He held all the stars in the palm of His Hand., and they ran thru his fingers like grains of sand. and one little star fell alone. Then the Lord God hunted thru the wide night air for the little dark star on the wind down there, and He stated and promised He'd take special care so it wouldn't get lost again. Now a man don't mind if the stars grow dim and the clouds blow over and darken him,. so long as the Lord God's watching over them, keeping track how it all goes on. But, I've been walking thru the night and day till my eyes got weary and my head turns gray, and sometimes it seems maybe God's gone away, forgetting the promise that we heard Him say. And we're lost out here in the stars, little stars, big stars, blowing thru the night. And we're lost out here in the stars, little stars, big stars, blowing thru the night. And we're lost out here in the stars.
Christine Authors & Terry Britten - Devil Woman.xml
I've had nothing but bad luck since the day I saw the cat at my door. So I came here to you, sweet lady, Answering your mysticalcall, Crystal ball on the table, Showing the future, the past. Same cat with them evil eyes And I knew it was a spell she'd cast. She's just a devil woman with evil on her mind, Beware the devil woman, She's gonna get you! She's just a devil woman With evil on hermind. Beware the devil woman, She's gonna get you from behind! Give me the ring on your finger, Let me see the lines of your hand. I can see me a tall dark stranger Giving you what you hadn't planned I drank the potion she offered me, I found myself on the floor, Then I looked in those big green eyes And I wondered what I camethere for. hind! If you're out on a moonlit night Be careful of the neighbourhood strays, Of a lady with long black hair Tryin' to win you with her feminine ways, Crystal ball on the table, Showing the future, the past, Same cat with them evil eyes, You'd better get out of there fast! She's just a devil woman With evil on her mind, Beware the devil woman, She's gonna get you!
Charles K. Harris - After The Ball.xml
A little maiden climbed an old man's knee, Begged for a story, "Do, uncle, please! Why are you single; why live alone? Have you no babies, have you no home?" "I had a sweetheart, years, years ago; Where she is now, pet, you will soon know. List to the story, I'll tell it all, I believed her faithless, After The Ball." After The Ball is over, After the break of morn. After the dancers' leaving; After the stars are gone; Many a heart is aching, If you could read them all; Many the hopes that have vannish'd After The Ball.
Vernon Duke, John LaTouche, Ted Fetter - Taking A Chance On Love.xml
Here I go again I hear those trumpets blow again All aglow again, taking a chance on love. Here I slide again, abou to take that ride again Starry eyed again, taking a chance on love. I thought the cards were a frameup I never would try. But now I'm taking the game up and the ace of hearts is high. Things are mending now I see a rainbow bending now. We'll' have our happy ending now taking a chance on love.
Denny Duron & Gary Paxton 1980 - A Vessel of Honor For God.xml
A ves sel of hon or for God A ves sel of hon or for God Sanc ti fied ho ly that I might be a ves sel of hon or for God
Barry White - Love's Theme.xml
Play our love's theme tonight. My love's here it's no dream tonight. It's been oh, so long we've danced to our love song, And I just know the melody that made her mine will be the melody that keeps her close to me. So play our love's theme once more. make her feel what she felt before. While the lights are low, just let the music flow. close to me Love's theme. Let it play! Let it play! Let it play! La la la la la laLa la la la la la La la la la la la. Come on and play our love's theme again. Touch her heart, touch her soul, and thenOnce we sip the wine, her lips will welcome mine, And I just know the melody that made her mine will be the melody that keeps her close to me. The melody that made her mine will be the melody that keeps her close to me. The
Joseph Meyers, Al Jolson, Bud DeSylva - California Here I Come.xml
California here I come, right back where I started from. Where bowers of flowers bloom in the sun, Each morning at dawning, birdies sing and ev'rything. A sunkist miss said, "Don't be late," that's why I can hardly wait. Open up that Golden Gate, California here I come. come.
Stevie Wonder - You and I.xml
Here we are on earth together. It's you and I; God has made us fall in love, it's true. I've really found someone like you. Will it stay the love you fell for me? Will it say that you will be by my side to see me through until my life is through? Well, in my mind we can conquer the world in love, you and I you and I you and I I am glad, at least in my life I've found someone that may not be here forever to see me through but I've found my strength in you 'Cause in my mind you will stay here always in love, you and I, you and I, you and I you and I. In my mind we can conquer the world in love, you and I you and I you and I.
Moe Koffman, Kenny Jacobson, Rhoda Roberts - The Swingin' Shepherd Blues.xml
Along a mountain pass, there is a patch of grass, where the swingin' shepherd plays his tune. His sheep never stray, dancin' all day till they see the pale and yel low moon. And then he leads his flock and homeward they all rock to the tune of the swingin' shepherd blues. Along a of the swingin" shepherd blues.
Larry Spies & Con Conrad, Buddy DeSylva - Memory Lane.xml
I am with you Wandering through Memory Lane; Living the years, Laughter and tears, over again. I am dreaming yet of the night we met When life was a lovely refrain. You were so shy, Saying "Goodbye" there in the dawn; Only a glance Full of romance, and you were gone! Though my dreams are in vain, My love will remain Strolling again, Mem0ry Lane with you.
Whyte, Morrissey - WE'LL LET YOU KNOW.xml
How sad are we? and how sad have we been? we'll let you know We'll let you know ah, but on ly if you're real ly In 'trest ed You won der how we've stayed a live till now We're all smiles and hon est I swear its the turn stiles that make us hos tile woh Woh, Woh, Woh, Woh, We will de scend on an y one un ab le to de fend THEM SELVES And the songs we sing they're not sup posed to mean a thing La de dah La de dah La de dah La de dah La de dah La de dah We may seem cold or we may ev en be the most de press ing peo ple you've ev er known At heart what's left we sad ly know That we are the last tru ly Brit ish peo ple you'll ev er know
Peter De Rose, Carl Sigman - A Marshmallow World.xml
It's a marshmellow world in the winter When the snow comes to cover the ground It's the time for play it's a whippedcream day I wait for it the whole year round. Those are marshmellow clouds being friendly In the arms of the evergreen trees and the sun is red like a pumpkin head It's shining so your nose won't freeze. The world is your snowball see how it grows That's how it goes whenever it snows The world is your snowball just for a song; get out and roll it along It's a yumyummy world made for sweethearts take a walk with your favorite girl. It's a sugar date what if spring is late In winter it's a marshmellow world.
Don Moen & Paul Overstreet 1995 - God is Good All the Time.xml
God is good all the time He put a song of praise in this heart of mine God is good all the time through the dark est night His light shine God is good God is good all the time God is good all the time He put a song of praise in this heart of mine God is good all the time through the dark est night His light will shine God is good God is good all the time If You're good all the time He put a song of praise in this heart of mine God is good all the time through the dark est night His light will shine God is good God is good all the time me my life is in your hands and through the eyes of faith I can clear ly see that God is good all the time He put a song of praise in this heart of mine God is good all the time through the dark est night His light still shines God is good God is good all the time God is good all the time He put a song of praise in this heart of mine God is good all the time through the dark est night His light will shine God is good all the time He's so good He's good God is good He's so good all the time
Neil Diamond - Song Sung Blue.xml
Song sung blue evrybodyknows one song sung blue evry garden grows one me and you are subject to the blues now and then but when you take the blues and make a song you sing them out again sing them out again. Song sung blue weein like a willow song sung blue sleepin on my pillow funny thing but you can sing it with a cry in your voice and before you know it start to feelin good you simply got no choice song sung blue song sung blue
Freddy Morgan & Norman Malkin - Hey, Mr. Banjo.xml
...Hey Mister Banjo play a tune for me. Play Mister Banjo, A happy melody. We'll all clap our hands and we'll stamp our feet, You keep strummin' while we keep the beat. Play, Mister Banjo, a pretty melody. ...Hey Mister Banjo plunk another tune. Hurry Mister Banjo, the night ends all too soon. Make your banjo talk while we dance and sing, Do a fancy walk while you pluck the strings. Hey, Mister Banjo plunk a tune for me.
John Barry, Don Black - Born free.xml
Born free as free as the wind blows as free as the grass grows born free to follow your heart Live free and beauty surrounds you the world still astounds you each time you look at a star Stay free where no walls divide you you're free as a roaring tide so theres no need to hide Born free and life is worth living but only worth living cos youre born free. C free.
Edwin Koprowski - JUST ME.xml
I real ly don't care much for you You are as vain as one can be You think the world was made for you But could you love JUST ME? I call you up for Fri day night You say let's make it Sat ur day Sat ur day comes and I ring you up, You say I'm sor ry but to night at home I'm gon na stay. Why must I hope some day? You're one(true) love I will be Why do I dream that you could care just for me? I real ly don't care much for you You are as vain as one can be You think the world was made for you But could you love JUST ME?
Jerry Leiber, Mike Stoller - Hound Dog.xml
You ain't nothin' but a hound dog cryin' all the time You ain't nothin' but a hound dog cryin' all the time well you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine when they said you was highclassed well that was just a lie when they said you was highclassed well that was just a lie Well you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine. You ain't nothin' but a mine.
Frank C. Slay, Bob Crewe - Silhouettes.xml
Took a walk and passed your house late last night, All the shades were pulled and drawn 'way down tight; From within a dim light cast two Silhouettes on the shade, Oh, what a lovely couple they made.. Put his arms around your waist, held you tight, Kisses I could almost taste in the night, Wonder'd why I'm not the guy whose silhouettes on the shade I couldn't hide the tears in my eyes. Ah, Lost control, and rang your bell, I was sore, "Let me in or else I'll beat down your door?' When two strangers, who had been two Silhouettes on the shade said to my shock, "You're on the wrong block?' Rushed down to your house with wings on my feet, loved you like I've never loved you my sweet, Vowed that you and I would be two Silhouettes on the shade All of our days, two Silhouettes on the shade. Ah
Charles Blackwell - Come Outside.xml
(1)Littledoll we've been jiving all night long little doll got a feeling somethings wrong cos it ain't right to want to keep on dancingthere won't be any time left for romancing Come outside come outside theres a lovely moon up there come outside come outside while we've got time to spare little doll it seems ages since we kissed little doll think of all the fun we've missed Now I went and promised your old man that we'd be home about half past ten Seems we've got just one more jive then we'll be starting home again Come outside come outside theres a lovely moon up there come outside come outside while we've got time to spare (3)Little(2) doll I know the band aint bad little doll I'm aget ting kinda mad
Josef Myrow, Mack Gordon - You Make Me Feel So Young.xml
You make me feel so young, you make me feel like spring has sprung, and ev'ry time I see you grin, I'm such a happy individual. The moment that you speak, I wanna go play hide and seek, I wanna go and bounce the moon, just like a toy balloon. You and I are just like a couple of tots, running across a meadow, picking up lots of forgetmenots You make me feel so young, you make me feel there are songs to be sung, bells to be rung, and a wonderful fling to be flung. And even when I'm old and gray, I'm gonna feel the way I do today, 'cause you make me feel so young.
Gus Edwards, Vincent P.Bryan - In My Merry Oldsmobile.xml
come away with me Lucille in my merry Oldsmobile down the road of life we'll fly automobiling you and I To the church we'll swiftly steal then our wedding bells will peal you can go as far as you like with me in my merry oldsmobile.
Bob Merrill - Butterflies.xml
Love can make your head go round your heart begin to pound and your tummy feel delighted like there's butterflies inside it Darling why do I get butterflies evry time I'm kissing you oo when you hold me tight and close your eyes do you get the butterflies too oo do the stars go whirling round and round when we're alone we twooo does your heart go floating off the ground flying just like the butterflies dooo butterflies red butterflies blueoo Oh how they flutter up and butter up my view I picture rings weddings 'n things I hear an organ play and someone say I dooo Darling why do I get butterflies evry time I'm kissing youoo? when you hold me tight and close your eyes do you get the butterflies toooo? darling toooo?
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - What The World Needs Now Is Love.xml
Lord we dont need another mountain there are mountains and hill sides enough to climb there are Oceansand rivers e nough to cross e nough to last till the end of time what the world needs now is love sweet love its the only thing that theres just too little of what the world needs now is love sweet love no not just for some  but for every one Lord we dont need another meadow there are cornfields and wheatfields dnough to grow there are sunbeams and moonbeams enough to shine oh listen Lord, if you want to know evryone No not just for some oh but just for ev ry one
Billy Hill - The Glory Of Love.xml
You've got to give a little, take a little, and let your poor heart break a little. That's the story of, that's the glory of love. You've got to laugh a little, cry a little before the clouds roll by a little. That's the story of that's the glory of love. As long as there's the two of us we've got the world and all it's charms. And when the world is through with us, we've got each others arms. You've got to win a little, lose a little, and always have the blues a little. That's the story of that's the glory of love. You've got to love.
Andrew Lloyd Webber - An Unexpected Song.xml
I have never felt like this, for once I'm lost for words, your smile has really thrown me. This is not like me at all, I never thought I'd know the kind of love you've shown me. Now, no matter where I am,, no matter what I do, I see your face appearing. Like an unexpected song, an unexpected song, that only we are hearing.I don't know what's going on, can't work it out at all, what ever made you choose me? I just can't believe my eyes, you look at me as if you couldn't bear to lose me. Now, no matter where I am, no matter what i do I see your face appearing Like an unexpected song, an unexpected song, that onley we are hearing. I have never felt like this, for once I'm lost for words, your smile has really thrown me This is not like me at all, I never thought I'd know the kind of love you've shown me. Now, no matter where I am, no matter what I, do, I see your face ap.pearing. Like an unexpected song, an unexpected song, that only we are hearing. Like an unexpected song, an unexpected song, that only we are hearing.
Harry Warren, Jack Brooks - Innamorata.xml
If our lips should meet innamorata kiss me, kiss me, sweet, innamorata. Hold me close and say you're mine, with a love as warm as wine. I'm at Heaven's door, innamorata. Want you more and more, innamorata. You're a symphony, a very beautiful sonata, my innamorata, Say that you're my sweetheart, my love.
Nat Simon - The Old Lamplighter.xml
He made the night a little brighterwherever he would go The old lamp lighter of long long ago His snowyhair was so much whiteer beneath the candle glow the old lamplighter of long long ago You'd hear the patter of his feet as he came toddling down the street his smile would hide a lonely heart you see If there were sweethearts in the park he'd pass a lamp and leave it dark Remembering the days that used to be for he recalls when dreams were new, he loved someone who loved him too who walks with him alone in memory. He made the night a a little brighter whereever he would go the old lamp lighter of long long ago Now if you look up at the sky you'll understand the reason why the little stars at night are all aglow.
Johnny Napton, Roc Hillman - My Devotion.xml
My devotion is endless and deep as the ocean and like a star shining from afar remains for ever the same My devotion is not just a sudden emotion It will be constantly burning and your love will kindle the flame. what a sweet beginning to the dream I planned all I own is yours alone your wish is my command. and this sensation was never a mere fascination here in my heart one sweet day it started then with time it grew My devotion to you.
Ned Washington, Hoagy Carmichael - The Nearness of You.xml
It's not the pale moon that excites me, that thrills and delights me. Oh, no, it's just The Nearness Of You. It isn't your sweet conversation that brings this sensatioin. Oh, no, it's just The Nearness Of You. When you're in my arms and I feel you so close to me all my wild est dreams come true. I need no soft lights to enchant me if you'll only grant me the right to hold you ever so tight and to feel in the night The Nearness Of You.
Bill Giant, Bernie Baum, Florence Kaye - You're The Devil In Disguise.xml
You look like an angel walk like an angel talk like an angel but I got wise you're the devil in disguise oh yes you are devil in disguise mm You fooled me with your kiss es you cheated and you schemed heaven knows how you lied to me you're not the way you seemed you devil in disguise oh yes you are devil in dis
Stephen Foster - Oh! Susanna.xml
I come from Alabama wid a banjo on my knee, I'm gwan to Lousiana, My true love for to see. It rained all night the day I left, De weather it was dry, De sun so hot I froze to death, Susanna, don't you cry. Oh! Susanna, Oh! don't you cry for me. I've come from Alabama, wid my banjo on my knee.
Jack Rollins, Steve Nelson - Frosty The Snowman.xml
Frosty the snowman was a jolly happy soul, with a corn cob pipe and a button nose and two eyes made out of coal Frosty the snowman is a fairy tale, they say, He was made of snow but the children know how he came to life one day. There must have been some magic in that old silk hat they found, For when they placed it on his head he began to dance around Oh! Frosty the snowman was alive as he could be, And the children say he could laugh and play just the same as you and me. Frosty the snowman knew the sun was hot that day, So he said, Lets run and we'll have some fun now before I melt away, Down to the village with a broomstick in his hand, Running here and there all around the square sayin' Catch me if you can. He led them down the streets of town right to the traffic cop, andhe only paused a moment when he heard him holler Stop, For Frosty the snowman had to hurry on his way, But he waved goodbye sayin' Dont you cry, I'll be back again some day.
Klaus Gunter-Neumann, Lincoln Chase - Wonderland By Night.xml
Stars hung suspended Above a floating yellow moon; Two hearts were blended While angels sang a lover's tune. And so we kissed, Not knowing if our hearts could pay the price, But Heaven welcomed us to Paradise, Blessing our love. Then came the sunrise, Fading the moon and stars from sight, Recalling always Our Wonderland By Night.
Michel LeGrand, Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman - The Summer Knows.xml
The summer smiles, the summer knows An unashamed she sheds her clothes. The summer smooths the restless sky, And lovingly she warms the sand on which you lie. The summer knows, the summer's wise, she sees the doubts within your eyes, and so she takes her summer time. Tells the moon to wait and the sun to linger. Twists the world 'round her summer finger. Lets you see the wonder of it all. And if you've learned your lesson well. There's little more for her to tell. One last caress it's time to dress for fall. The fall.
Neil Moret, Harry Williams - Mickey.xml
Mickey, pretty Mickey with your hair of raven hue; In your smiling so beguiling There's a bit of Killarney, bit of the Blarney, too. Childhood in the wildwood, Like a mountain flow'r you grew; Pretty Mickey, pretty Mickey, Can you blame anyone for falling in love with you. you.
Joe Burke, Joseph McCarthy - Rambling Rose.xml
Ev'ry one knows She's a RAMBLING ROSE She's a beauty growing wild Birds in their nest Seem to whistle their best For mother natures fav'rite child She's got the kind of affection That just winds around your heart You'd better run for protection Or she might upset your flower cart I hate to disclose That my rambling rose is gonna meet her Waterloo I'll let her play But she can't get away 'Cause I know just what to do Anyone knows you can train a rose to be a clinging vine So from this day hence There'll be a picket fence 'Round that RAMBLING ROSE of mine
Anthony Newley, Leslie Bricusse - Pure Imagination.xml
Come with me and you'll be in a world of pure imagina tion take a look and you'll see into your imagination We'll be gin with a spin trav'ling in the world of my creation What we'll see will defy expla
Francis Lai, Jerry Keller - A Man and a Woman.xml
When hearts are passing in the night, in the lonely night, then they must hold each other tight, Oh so very tight. And take a chance that in the light, in tomorrows light they'll stay to getther so much in love. And in the silence of the mist, of the morning mist, when lips are waiting to be kissed, longing to be kissed, where is the reason to resist and deny a kiss that holds a promise of happiness. Tho' yesterday still surrounds you with a warm and precious memory. Maybe for tomorrow we can build a new dream for you and me. This glow we feel is something rare, something really rare. So come and say you want to share, want to really share. the beauty waiting for us there, callling for us there, that only loving can give the heart. When life is passing in the night, in the rushing night a man, a woman in the night, in the lonely night must take a chance that in the light, in tomorrow's light they'll be together so much in love, together so much in love. So tell me you're not afraid to take the chance, really take a chance Let your heart begin to dance, let it sing and dance to the music of a glance of a fleeting glance to the music of romance of a new romance
Sheldon Silverstein - Put Another Log On The Fire.xml
Put another log on the fire Cook me up some bacon and some beans And go out to the car and change the tyre Wash my socks and sew my old blue jeans Come on baby, You can fill my pipe and then go fetch my slippers And boil me up another pot of tea Then put another log on the fire babe and come and tell me why you're leaving me. Now don't I let you wash the car on Sunday Don't I warn you when you're gettin' fat Aren't I gonna take you fishin' with me someday Well a man can't love a woman more than that Ain't I always nice to your kid sister Don't I take her drivin' evry night So sit here at my feet 'cause I like you when you're sweet And you know it aint feminine to fight So
Fats Waller, Harry Brooks, Andy Razaf - Ain't Misbehavin'.xml
No one to talk with all by myself no one to walk with but I'm happy on the shelf aint misbehavin I'm savin my love for you I know for certain the one I love I'm through with flirting Its just you I'm thin in of aint misbehavin I'm saving my love for you. you Like Jack Horner in the corner dont go no where what do I care your kisses are worth waitin for believe me I dont stay out late dont care to go I'm home about eight just me and my ra dio aint misbehaving I'm savin my love for you.
Erno Rapee, Lew Pollack - Diane.xml
I'm in heaven when I see you smile smile for me my Diane and tho' evrythings dark all the while I can see you Diane you have lighted the road leading home pray for me when you can but no matter where ever I foam smile for me my Diane.
Allan Roberts, Doris Fisher - That Ole Devil Called Love.xml
Someone's whisp'rin' in my ear, I say no, no, go away, but he don't hear. He follows me around, builds me up, tears me down. I try my best to shake him but he just hangs around. It's that ole devil called love again; Get's behind me and keeps giving me that shove again. Putting rain in my eyes, Tears in my dreams, and rocks in my heart. It's that sly sonofagun again, He keeps telling me that I'm the lucky one again. But I still have the rain Still have those tears and those rocks in my heart. Suppose I didn't stay, ran away wouldn't play, that devil what a potion he would brew. He's follow me around, build me up, tear me down, Till I'd be so bewildered, I wouldn't know what to do. Might as well give up the fight again. I know darn well he'll convince me that he's right again, When he sings that siren song, I just gotta tag along with that ole devil called love. It's that love.
Lionel Monckton - The soldiers in the park.xml
Oh listen to the band How merrily they play Oh don't you think it's grand Hear ev'rybody say Oh listen to the band Who doesn't love to hark To the shout of "Here they come" and the banging of the drum Oh listen to the soldiers in the park
Charles Trenet, Albert Beach - I Wish You Love.xml
I wish you bluebirds in the spring to give your heart a song to sing; and then a kiss, but more than this I wish you love. And in July ly a lemonaide to cool you in some leafy glade; I wish you health and more than wealth I wish you love. My breaking heart and I agree that you nand I could never be so with my best, my ver y best, I set you free. I wish you shelter from a storm, a cozy fire to keep you warm, But most of all, when snowflakes fall, I Wish You Love.
Richard Rodgers, Stephen Sondheim - Do I Hear A Waltz.xml
Do I hear a waltz very odd but I hear a waltz there isnt a band and I dont understand it at all I cant hear a waltz oh my lord there it goes again why is nobody dancing in the street? cant they hear the beat magical mystical miracle can it be is it true things are impossibly lyrical is it me no its you I do hear a waltz I see you and I hear a waltz its what I've been waiting for all my life to hear a waltz.
Irving Berlin - When That Midnight Choo-Choo Leaves For Alabam.xml
When the midnight choochoo leaves for Alabam' I'll be right there, I've got my fare. When I see that rusty haired conductorman, I'll grab him by the collar, And I'll holler "Alabam, Alabam." That's where you stop your train, That brings me back again, Down home where I'll remain, Where my honey lamb am. I will be right there with bells, When that old conductor yells, "All aboard! All aboard! All aboard for Alabam." When the bam.
Victor Herbert, Rida Johnson Young - Ah! Sweet Mystery Of Life.xml
Ah! Sweet Mystery Of Life, at last I've found thee, Ah! I know at last the secret of it all; All the longing, seeking, striving, waiting, yearning, The burning hopes, the joy and idle tears that fall! For 'tis love, and love alone, the world is seeking; And 'tis love, and love alone, that can repay! 'Tis the answer, 'tis the end and all of living, For it is love alone that rules for aye! For 'tis aye!
Unknown, Isaac Watts - Joy to the world.xml
Joy to the wolrd, the Lord is come! Let earth receive her King. Let every heart prepare Him room, And heav'n and nature sing, And heav'n and nature sing, And heav'n, and heav'n and nature sing.
Stephen Adams, F.E.Weatherly - The Holy City.xml
Last night I lay a sleeping, There came a dream so fair, I stood in old Jerusalem Beside the temple there. I heard the children singing and ever as they sang, methought the voice of Angels From Heav'n in answer rang; Methought the voice of Angels From Heav'n in answer rang, Jerusalem! Je rusalem Lift up your gates and sing, Hosanna inthe highest! Hosanna to your King! And then methought my dream was chang'd, THe streets no longer rang, Hush'd were the glad Hosannas The    little children sang. The sun grew dark with mystery, The morn was cold and chill, As the Shadow of a cross arose upon a lonely hill, As the shadow of a cross arose upon a lonely hill Je rusa lem! Jerusalem! Hark! how the Angels hill Hosanna inthe highest, Hosanna to your King. once again the scene was chang'd, New earth there seem'd to be, I saw the Holy City Beside the tideless sea; The light of God was on its streets, The gates were open wide, And all who would might enter, And noone was denied. No need of moon or stars by night, or sun to shine by day, It was the new Jerusalem That would not pass away, It was the new Jerusalem That would not pass away. Jerusa lem! Jerusalem! Sing for the night is o'er Hosanna in the highest, Hosanna for evermore!Hosanna in the highest, Hosanna for ever more
Jimmy Dorsey, Paul Madeira - I'm Glad There Is You.xml
In this world of ordinary people extr'ordinary people I'm glad there is you. In this world of overrated pleasures, of underrated treasures, I'm glad there is you. I'll live to love, I'll love to live with you beside me. This role so new, I'll muddle thru' with you to guide me. In this world where many many play at love, and hardly any stay in love, I'm glad there is you. More than ever I'm glad there is you.
Ray Evans, Jay Livingston - I'll Always Love You (Querida Mia).xml
Day after day I'll always love you. Live just to say I'll always love you. Dear one, your nearness is my treasure. Dear one, your kiss is rich as wine. And it's mine, yes, it's mine, the wonder of you. Yours, love is yours because I love you. To you I give my heart so madly, madly beating with ev'ry beat repeating I'll always love you so!
Jesse D. Hodges and William Michael - Mission Bell (Transcribed).xml
Say that you love me; say those pretty words and I will give my love to you. My love is higher than a mission bell, deeper than a wishing well, stronger than a magic spell my love for you. It's wider than the widest sea, longer than a memory, sweeter than a honey tree, my love, oh... oh... oh... my love, mm... mm... mm... for you. Give me your heart of gold, your heavenly magic touch, to cherish, have and hold, I need your love so much. Say that you love me; say those pretty words and I will give my love to you. My love is warmer than a day in spring, brighter than a diamond ring, greater than a mighty king my love for you. It's stronger than the tallest tree, softer than a summer breeze, oh, I ask you please Give your love, your love, sweet love to me.
Don Gibson - Oh, Lonesome Me.xml
Evrybody's goin out and havin fun I'm just a fool for stayin home and havin none I can't get over how she set me free Oh lonesome me A me I'll bet she's not like me she's out and fancy free flirting with the boys with all her charms but I still love her so and brother don't you know I'd welcome her right back here in my arms Well there must be some way I can lose these lonesome blues for get about the past and find somebody new I've thought of evry thing from A to Z Oh lonesome me
Rev. V. B. Ellis - Let Me Touch Him.xml
Let me touch Him let me touch Je sus let me touch Him as He pas ses by then when I shall reach out to o thers They shall know Him they shall live and not die Oh to be his hand es tend ed reach ing out to the op pressed let me touch Him let me touch Je sus so that o thers may know and be blessed. I was stray ing so far from Je sus I was lone ly had no peace with in the the hand of my Sav ior touched me now I'm reach ing to oth ers in sin Oh to be his hand es tend ed reach ing out to the op pressed let me touch Him let me touch Je sus so that o thers may know and be blessed. There's a riv er a riv er flow ing from with in and to cleanse the soul and the flow sets my life to glow ing Ho ly Spir it more than sil ver and gold Oh to be his hand es tend ed reach ing out to the op pressed let me touch Him let me touch Je sus so that o thers may know and be blessed.
Ferde Grofe, Harold Adamson - Daybreak.xml
Daybreak, another new day, the mist on the meadow is drifting away. For it's daybreak. the sun's in the sky now, and flowers break through their blanket of dew Sunrise how lovely it seems to see from my window a sky full of dreams, As the white clouds sail on through the blue, at daybreak, I daydream of you.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Wait Till You See Her.xml
Wait Till You See Her, see how she looks, Wait till you hear her laugh. Painters of paintings, writers of books, Never could
Harold Arlen, Johnny Mercer - Any Place I Hang My Hat Is Home.xml
Free an easy, that's my style, howdy do me, watch me smile. Fare thee well me, after while, 'cause I gotta roam, an' any place I hang my head is home. Sweetnin' water, cherry wine, thank you kindly, suits me fine. Kansas City, Caroline, that's my honey comb, 'cause any place I hang my hat is home. Birds roostin' in the tree pick up and go an' the goin proves that's how it ought to be. I pick up too when the spirit moves me. Cross the river "round the bend, howdy stranger, solong friend. There's a voice in the lonesome win' that keeps whispperin' roam! I'm goin where a welcome mat is, no matter where that is, 'cause any place I hang my hat is home.
Kris Kristofferson - For The Good Times.xml
Don't look so sad I know it's over But life goes on and this old world will keep on turning. Let's just be glad we had had some time to spend together. There's no need to watch the bridg es that we're burning Lay your head upon my pillow Hold your warm and tender body close to mine. Hear the whisper of the raindrops blowing soft a gainst the win dow and make be lieve you love me one more time, For The Good I'll get along you'll find another And I'll be here if you should find you ev er need me Don't say a word about tomorrow or forever There'll be time enough for sadness when you leave me. times
Richard Carpenter, John Bettis - Top Of The World.xml
Such a feelin's comin' over me. There is wonder in most ev'rything I see. Not a cloud in the sky got the sun in my eyes and I won't be surprised if it's a dream. Ev'rything I want the world to be is now coming true, especially for me. And the reason is clear, it's because you are here. You're the nearest thing to heaven that I've seen. I'm on the top of the world lookin down on creation and the only explanation I can find is the love that I've found, ever since you've been around. Your love's put me at the top of the world.
Jos. H. Santly, Cliff Friend - There's Yes! Yes! In Your Eyes.xml
Your lips tell me no! no! but there's yes! yes! in your eyes. I've been missin' your kissin' just because I wasn't wise. I'll stop my scheming and dreaming, 'cause I rea a lize: your lips tell me no! no! but there's yes! yes! in your eyes!
Victor Young, Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Golden Earrings.xml
There's a story the gypsys know is true that when your love wears golden earrings he belongs to you an old love story that's known to very few but if you wear these golden earrings love will come to you By the burning fire they will glow with ev'ry coal You will hear desire whispered low inside your soul so be my gypsy make love your guiding light and let this pair of golden earrings cast their spell tonight night.
Jerome Kern, P.G.Wodehouse, Oscar Hammerstein II - Bill.xml
But along came Bill who's not the type at all you'd meet him on the street and never notice him his form and face his manly grace are not the kind that you would find in a statue and I can't explain it's surely not his brain that makes me thrill. I love him because he's wonderful because he's just old Bill he's just my Bill an or dinary boy he hasn't got a thing that I can brag about and yet to be upon his knee so comfy and roomy feels natural to me and I can't explain it's surely not his brain that makes me thrill I love him because he's I don't know because he's just my Bill
Jim Morehead, Jimmy Cassin - Sentimental Me.xml
Sentimental me guess I'll always be so in love with you dont know what to do sentimetal me dreaming while I live living just to give all my love to you noone else will do sentimental me reaching for the moon and wishing on a star on my honeymoon I want to be where you are darling cant you see it was meant to be? I'm in love with you say you love me too sentimental me.
Peter Allen, Jeff Barry - I Honestly Love You.xml
Maybe I hang around here a little more than I should We both know I got somewhere else to go But I got something to tell you that I never thought I would but I believe you really ought to know I love you I honestly love you You don't have to answer I see it in your eyes Maybe it was better left unsaid But this is pure and simple and you must realize it's coming from my heart and not my head love you I'm not trying to make you feel uncomftable I'm not trying' to make you anything at all But this feeling doesn't come along evry day and you shouldn't blow the chance when you got the chance to say I love you I honestly love you
Domenico Modugno, Mitchell Parish - Volare.xml
Sometimes the world is a valley of heartaches and tears and in the hustle and bustle no sunshine appears. But you and I have our love always there to remind us, there is a way we can leave all the shadows behind us. Volare, oh, oh! Cantare, oh, oh, oh, oh! Let's fly way up to the clouds, away from the maddening crowds. We can sing in the glow of a star that I know of, where lovers enjoy peace of mind. Let us leave the confusion and all disillusion behind. Just like birds of a feather, a rainbow together we'll find. Volre, oh, oh! Cantare oh, oh, oh, oh! Your love has given me wings. Your love has given me wings. Your love has given me
Phil Zeller, Don Costa - I can't believe I'm losing you.xml.1
Is this the way our romance ends? I got the message when you said we could be friends My love was true I Can't Believe I'm Losing You We played a game of give and take But I stopped playing when my heart began to break What can I do? I Can't Believe I'm Losing You Wish I could erase evry little trace of love that's in the heart of me Evry little scheme evry little dream will always be a part of me There's nothing left for me to do we've passed the point of no return and now we're through It's still too new I Can't Believe I'm Losing You
Oakley Haldeman, Gene Autry - Here Comes Santa Claus.xml
Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus, right down Santa Claus Lane. Vixen and Blitzen and all hes reindeer are pulling on the rein. Bells are ringing, Children singing; all is merry and bright. Hang your stockings and say your prayers. 'cause Santa Claus comes tonight. Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus, right down Santa Claus Lane. He's got a bag that is filled with toys for the boys and girls again. Hear those sleighbells jingle jangle what a beautiful sight. Jump in bed, cover up your head, 'cause Santa Claus comes tonight.
Tommie Connor - I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus.xml
I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus underneath the istletoe last night She didnt see me creep down the stairs to have a peep she thought that I was tucked up in my bedroom fas asleep then I saw Mommy tickle Santa Claus underneath his beard so snowy white Oh, what a laugh it would have been if Daddy had only seen Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night.
Mike Phillips - North to Alaska.xml
Big Sam left Seattle in the year of ninety two with George Pratt his partner and brother Billy too they crossed the Yukon river and found the bonanza gold Below that old White Mountain just a little south east of Nome Sam crossed the Majestic Moun tains to the valleys far below he talked to his team of huskies as he mushed on through the snow with the Northern lights a running wild in the land of the midnight sun yes Sam Mc Cord was a might y man in the year of nineteen one Where the river is windin big nuggets theyre findin North to Alas ka go north the rush is on George turned to Sam with his gold in his hand said Sam you're a lookinat a lonely lonely man I'd trade all the gold thats buried in this land for one small band of gold to place on sweet little Jennys hand Cause,a man needs a woman to love him all the time remember Sam a true love is so hard to find I'd build for my Jenny a hon eymoon home below that old White Mountain just a little south east of Nome on
Jimmy van Heusen, Johnny Burke - Like Someone In Love.xml
Lately I find myself out gazing at stars, hearing guitars like someone in love. Sometimes the things I do astound me, mostly whenever you're around me. Lately I seem to walk as though I have wings, bump into things, like someone in love. Each time I look at you I'm limp as a glove and feeling like someone in love. love.
Carole King - So Far Away.xml
So far away!\ Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?\ It would be so fine to see your face at my door. Doesn't help to know you're just time away!\ Long ago, I reached for you and there you stood. Holding you again could only do me good. How I wish I could,\ but you're so far away! One more song about movin' along the highway\ can't say much of anything that's new. If I could only work this life out my way,\ I'd rather spend it bein' close to you, but you're so far away!\ Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?\ It would be so fine to see your face at my door. Doesn't help to know you're so far away!\ Yeah, you're so far away! Travelin' around sure gets me down and lonely;\ nothin' else to do but close my mind. I sure hope the road don't come to own me;\ there's so many dreams I've yet to find! But you're so far away!\ Doesn't anybody stay in one place anymore?\ It would be so fine to see your face at my door. And it doesn't help to know you're so far away! Yeah, you're so far away!\ Yeah, you're so far away!
Robert Allen, Jimmy Arnold - Moments To Remember.xml
The New Years Eve we did the town, the day we tore the goal posts down, we'll have each moment to remember. The quiet walks the noisy fun the ballroom prize we almost won we'll have each moment to remember though summer turns to winter and the present disappears The laughter we were glad to share will echo through the years When other nights and other days may find us gone our sep'rate ways we'll have these moments to remember.
John P. Long - Any broken hearts to mend?.xml
There's a tinker man he mends a pot or pan Through the town his cry he'll send But nobody passes my way calling "Any broken hearts to mend?" Chairs he'll mend for you old umbrellas too If a few odd pence you'll spend But Nobody ever thinks of calling "Any broken hearts to mend?" When the cry of "Sweet scent ed lav en der" comes to haunt me so I recall the scent of the lavender When we met long ago List'ning to those cries I can realise that my heartache will not end 'til someone I love comes my way calling "Any broken hearts to mend?"
John d Loudermilk - Norman.xml
Jim my called me on the phone but I was gone not at home cause i was out parked all alone with darlin Norman Norman holds me close to him Norman kisses me and then Norman knows my heart belongs to him and him and on ly him oh Norman Oooo NormanOoooooo Norman Norman my love Bill invi ted me to a show but I said no can not go theres a dress that,I've got to sew and wear for Norman Norman is my only love Norman all I'm thinking of Norman gives me all his lovin kissin huggin lovey dovin
Sunny Clapp - Girl Of My Dreams (I Love You).xml
Girl of my dreams I love you, honest I do, You are so sweet. If I could just hold your charms, again in my arms, Then life would be complete. Since you've been gone. dear, life don't seem the same. Please come back again. And after all's said and done, there's only one, Girl Of My Dreams it's you. you.
Jud Strunk - A Daisy A Day.xml.5
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein, Otto Harbach - I Won't Dance.xml
(He)  I won't dance! Don't ask me; I won't dance! Don't ask me; I won't dance, madame, with you. My heart won't let my feet do things they should do! You know what? You're lovely! (she)  and so what? I'm loverly! (He)  But, oh! what you do to me. I'm like an ocean wave that's bumped on the shore; I feel so absolutely stumped on the floor! (She)  When you dance you're charming and you're gentle 'spec ially when you do the "Continental." (He)  But this feeling isn't purely mental; for heaven rest us, I'm not asbestos. And that's why I won't dance! Why should I? I won't dance! How could I? I won't dance! "Mer ci beau coup" I know the music leads the way to romance so if I hold you in my arms I won't dance!
Ben Oakland, Milton Drake - Java Jive.xml
I love coffee I love tea I love the Java Jive and it loves me Coffee and tea and the jivin' and me A cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup! I love java sweet and hot Whoops, Mister Moto I'm a coffee pot shoot me the pot and I'll pour me a shot A cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup! so slip me a slug from the won derful mug and I'll cut cut a rug till I'm snug in the jug a slice of onion on a raw one draw one waiter waiter percolator! I love coffee I love tea I love the Java Jive and it loves me Coffee and tea and the jivin and me a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup, a cup!
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - My Buddy.xml
Nights are long since you went away, I think about you all through the day; My Buddy. My Buddy, No Buddy quite so true. Miss your voice, the touch of your hand Just long to know that you understand, Your
Ray Joseph, Mack David - A Sinner Kissed An Angel.xml
Stars in the sky were dancing, one night perfect for romancing, the night a sinner kissed an angel, he wanted thrills, she wanted love. Oh, but his sighs were tender as he begged her to surrender, the night a sinner kissed an angel, and she believed that it was love. How was she to know that ev'ry lovely vow was part of the game he was playing? But to his surprise he realized somehow, he meant ev'ry word he was saying. Yes, miracles can happen; I know cause I saw one happen, the night a sinner kissed an angel, that was the night I fell in love. the night a sinner kissed an angel, that was the night I fell in love.
Johnny Mandel, Paul Francis Webster - The Shadow Of Your Smile.xml.1
One day we walked along the sand, one day in early spring. You held a piper in your hand to mend its broken wing. Now I'll remember many a day and many a lonely mile, the echo of a piper's song, the shadow of a smile. The Shadow of your smile when you are gone will color all my dreams and light the dawn. Look into my eyes, my love, and see all the lovely things you are to me. Our wistful little star was far too high. A teardrop kissed your lips and so did
Dr Wainwright, John Byrom - Christians awake, salute the happy morn.xml
Christians awake salute the happy morn whereon the saviour of the world was born Rise to adore the mystery of love which hosts of angels chanted from above with them the joy ful tidings first begun of God incarnate and the Virgins Son. Then to the watchful shepherds it was told whoe heard th'angelic heralds voice be hold I bring good tidings of a Saviours birth to you and all the nations of the earth this day hath God fulfilled hid promised words this day is born a Saviour Christ the Lord.
John Denver - Back Home Again.xml
There's a storm across the valley clouds are rollin' in. The afternoon is heavy on your shoulders. There's a truck out on the four lane a mile or more away, the whinin' of his wheels just makes it colder.Hey, it's good to be back home again. Some times this ol' farm seems like a long lost friend Yes an' hey, it's good to be back home again. Oh the times that I can't lay this tired ol body down, feel your fingers feather soft upon me, the kisses that I live for, the love that lights my way, the happiness that living with you brings me
Dana Seuss, Edward Heyman - My Silent Love.xml
I reach for you like I'd reach for a star, worshipping you from afar, living with my silent love. I'm like a flame dying out in the rain, only the ashes remain, Smould'ring like my silent love. How I long to tell all the things I have planned. Still, it's wrong to tell, you would not understand. You'll go along never dreaming I care, loving somebody some where, leaving me my silent love.
Jerome Kern, Dorothy Fields, Jimmy McHugh - Lovely To Look At.xml
Lovelyto look at delightful to know and heaven to kiss a combination like this is quite my most impossible scheme come true imagine finding a dream like you! you're lovely to look at its thrilling to hold you terribly tight for we're together the moon is new and oh its lovely to look at you tonight.
Wayne Shanklin and George Callender - Primrose Lane (Transcribed from JW Recording).xml
Primrose Lane! Life's a holiday on Primrose Lane, just a holiday on Primrose Lane with you. Can't explain, when we're walkin' down the PrimRose Lane, even roses blumin' in the rain with you. Sweet perfume, those little old roses bloom and I want to walk with you my whole life through. Primrose Lane! Life's a holiday on Primrose Lane, just a holiday on Primrose Lane with you. Sweet perfume, those little old roses bloom and I want to walk with you my whole life through. Primrose Lane! Life's a holiday on Primrose Lane, just a holiday on Primrose Lane with youwith youwith you.
Street, Morrissey - SUEDEHEAD.xml
Why do you come here? And why do you hang aro und? I'm so sor ry Ahh I'm so sor ry Why do you come here when you know it makes things hard for me when you know OH why do you come? tel e phone? send me sil ly notes? You had to sneak in to my room just to read my di a ry it was just to see just to see all the things you knew I'd writ ten ab out you Oh so ma ny il lus tra tions Ah but I'm so ve ry sick ened Ah I am so sick ened now It was a good lay good lay it was a good lay good lay Ah, it was a good lay good lay ah ah ah it was a
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - By Myself.xml
I'll go my way by myself. This is the end of romance. I'll go my way by myself. Love is only a dance. I'll try and apply myself and teach my heart how to sing. I'll go my way by myself like a bird on the wing. I'll face the unknown. I'll build a world of my own. No one knows better than I myself, I'm by myself alone.
Johnny Cooper - Look What You've Done.xml
Look what you've done what you've done my baby look what you've done what you've done my baby look what you've done to my heart we made a date and you said maybe then you walked away with another baby now look what you've done to my heart I've got those lonely lonely lonely lonely blues lonely lonely lonely lonely blues, I've got those lonely lonely lonelylonely blues those lonely lonely blues.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - It's You Or No One.xml.1
How did I know that the warmth of the glow would last? How did I guess that the long lonliness was past? I merely loooked at you and I knew that I knew. It's you or no one for me, I'm sure of this each time we kiss. Now and forever, and when forever's done, you'll find that you are still the one. Please don't say "No" to my plea, 'cause if you do, then I'm all through. There's this about you, my worlds an empty world without you, It's you or no one for me. me.
Neil Diamond - I am....I said.xml
L. A's fine the sun shines most the time and the feel; in is lay back palm trees grow and rents are low but you know I keep thinkin bout makin my way back Well i'm New York City born and raised but nowadays I'm lost between two shores L. A's fine but it aint home New York's home, but it aint mine no more I am I said to noone there and noone heard at all not even the chair I am I cried I am said I and I am lost and I cant even say why leavin me lonely still Did you ever read about a frog who dreamed of bein a king and then became one? well except for the names and a few other changes if you talk about me the story's the same one but I got an emptiness deep inside and I've tried but it wont let me go and I'm not a man who likes to swear but I've never cared for the sound of bein alone I am I
Paul Simon - I Am A Rock.xml
A winters day in a deep and dark December I am alone Gazing from my window to the street below on a freshly fallen silent shroud of snow I am a rock I am an is land. I've built walls a fortress deep and mighty none may penetrate have no need of friendship friendship causes pain. Its laughter and its loving I dis dain land and a rock feels no pain and an island never cries.
John Hatton, Isaac Watts - Jesus Shall Reign.xml
Je  sus shall reign where e'er the sun Does his successive journeys run. His kingdom spread from shore to shore, Till moons shall wax and wane no more.
Henry Mayer, Bobby Vinton - My Melody of Love (Transcribed).xml
I'm lookin' for a place to go so I can be all alone from thoughts and memories. So that when the music plays I don't go back to the days when love was you and me. Oh, Oh, Moja droga ja cie kocham... means that I love you so. Moja droga ja cie kocham, more than you'll ever know. Kocham ciebie calem serce, love you with all my heart. Return to me and always be my melody of love. Wish I had a place to hide all my sorrow, all my pride... I just can't get along, 'cause the love once so fine keeps on hurtin' all the time. Where did I go wrong? Oh, Oh, Moja droga ja cie kocham... means that I love you so. Moja droga ja cie kocham, more than you'll ever know. Kocham ciebie calem serce, love you with all my heart. Return to me and always be my melody of love. Oh, Oh, la la la la la la la la My melody of love. la la la la la la la la My melody of love. la la la la la la la la My melody of love. Return to me and always be my melody of love. Return to me and always be my melody of love.
Jonathan King - Everyone's Gone To The Moon.xml
Streetses ones Eyes full or sornever wet Hands full of ey all in Evors
Johnny Mandel, Paul Francis Webster - A Time For Love.xml
A time for summer skies, for hummingbirds and butterflies, for tender words that harmonize with love. A time for climbing hills, for leaning out of window sills admiring the daffodils above. A time for holding hands together, A time for rainbow colored weather, A time of make believe that we've been dreaming of. As time goes drifting by, the willow bends and so do I. But oh, my friends, whatever sky above, I've known a time for spring, a time for fall, But best of all a time for love.
Roy Bennett, Sid Tepper - When The Girl In Your Arms (Is The Girl In Your Heart).xml
When the girl in your arms is the girl in your heart then you've got evry thing when you're holding the dream you've been dreaming you'd hold you're as rich as a king so hold her tight and nev er let her go Day and night let her know you love her so with the love of your life spend a lifetime of love, make her yours for ever more. when the more make her yours for ever yours.
Tradition Folk Song - Yankee Doodle.xml
Father and I went off to war, Along with Captain Gooding, And there we saw the men and boys, As thick as hasty pudding. Yankee Doodle, keep it up, Yankee Doodle Dandy;Mind the music and the step, And with the girls be handy.
Peter Brown, Robert Rans - MATERIAL GIRL.xml
Some boys kiss me Some boys hug me I think they're O. K. If they don't give me pro per cred it I just walk a way They can beg and they can plead but they don't see the light cuz the boy with the cold hard cash is al ways Mist er Right CUZ WE ARE Liv in' in a mat er ia l world and I am a MAT ER I Al GIRL You know that we are Liv in' in a mat er ia l world and I am a MAT ER I Al GIRL
Kim Carnes, Dave Ellingson - Paris Without You.xml
We always said we'd hire a plane that only flies at night. We'd stay up forever, just watching the lights from deck chairs on the steamer only sails in summer. We'd chase the sun around the moon, no captain at the rudder.We'd go to Paris, the perfect time of year. We'd go all around the world. Oh, we'd go everywhere. But first we'd go to Paris 'cause I've always wanted to. I just can't imagine walking Paris without you. A train that's on a one way track, winding through the Alps, Christmas in a parlor car with no one else. We'll hire a car that only knows a country road in England. Time will fly. We'll drive on by. oh. We'd go to Paris, the perfect time of year. We'd go all around the world. Oh. we'd go everywhere. But first we'd go to Paris 'cause I've always wanted to. I just can't imagine walking Paris without you. mmm... A broken dream, a broken heart, plans that never made it, all turn into fantasies. Oh, each night I go to Paris and hope that you'll be there. I go all around the world. Oh. I go everywhere. But first I go to Paris 'cause I've always wanted to. I just can't imagine walking Paris without you. without you.
Cole Porter - Anything Goes.xml
In olden days a glimpse of stocking was looked on as something shocking now heaven knows anything goes good authors too who once knew better words now only use fourletter words writing prose anything goes the world has gone mad today and good's bad today and black's white today and day's night today when most guys today that women prize today are just silly gigolos so though I'm not a great romancer I know that you're bound to answer when I propose anything goes.
Jud Strunk - A Daisy A Day.xml.2
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Gordon Parsons, Dan Sheahan - A Pub With No Beer.xml
It's lonesome away from your kindred and all by the campfire at night where the wild dingoes call but there"s nothing so lonesome, so morbid or drear than to stand in a bar of a pub with no beer Now the publicans anxious for the quota to come there's a far away look on the face of the "bum" the maids gone all cranky and cooks acting queer with a terrible place is a pub with no beer. Then the
Helmy Kresa, Carroll Loveday - That's My Desire.xml
To spend one night with you in our old rendezvous and reminisce with you that's my desire to meet where gypsies play down in that dim cafe and dance till break of day that's my desire we'll sip a little glass of wine I'll gaze into your eyes divine I'll feel the touch of your lips press ing on mine. to hear you whisper low just when it's time to go Che rie I love you so that's my desire. To spend one sire.
Whyte, Morrissey - LET ME KISS YOU.xml
There's a place in the sun for an y one who has the will to chase one and I think I've found mine Yes I do be lieve that I have found mine Sooo Close your eyes and think of some one you phys ic 'cly ad mire LET ME KISS YOU OH, OH OH LET ME KISS YOU OH, OH OH I've zig zagged all ov ver Am er i ca and I can not find a safe ty hav ven SAY, would you let me CRY on your shoul der I've heard that you'll try an y thing twice CLOSE YOUR EYES and think of some one you phys ic 'cly ad mire LET ME KISS YOU OH, OH OH LET ME KISS YOU OH, OH OH But THEN you op en your eyes and you see some one you phy sic cly de spise but my heart is op en my heart is op en to you
Victor  Schertzinger, Johnny Mercer - Tangerine.xml
Tangerine she is all they claim with her eyes of night and lips as bright as flame Tangerine when she dances by senoritas stare and caballeros sigh and Ive seen toasts to Tangerine raised in ev'ry bar across the Argentine yes she has them all on the run but her heeart belongs to just one her heart belongs to Tangerine.
Bob Wills - San Antonio Rose.xml
Deep within my heart lies a melody, A song of old San Antone. Where in dreams I( live with a memory, Beneath the stars all alone. It was there I found beside the Alamo, Enchantment strange as the blue up above. A moonlit pass that only she would know, Still hears my broken son of love. Moon in all your splendor know only my heart, Call back my Rose, Rose of San An tone. Lips so sweet and tender, like petals fall ing a part, Speak once again of my love my own. Broken song, empty words I know still live in my heart all alone. For that moonlit pass bhy the Alamo And Rose, my Rose of San Antone.
Harry Lauder - Roamin' in the Gloamin'.xml
I've seen lots o' bonnie lassies trav'lin far and wide, But my heart is set right noo on bonnie Kate McBride And although I'm no' a chap that throws a word away, I'm surprised my sel' sometimes at a' I've got to say. Roamin' in the gloamin' on the bonnie banks o' Clyde. Roamin' in the gloamin' wi' a lassie by my side. When the sun has gone to rest, that's the time that we love best O, it's lovely roamin' in the gloamin'.
Pee Wee King - Bonaparte's Retreat.xml
Met the girl I love in a town way down in Dixie. 'Neath the stars above She was the sweetest girl I ever did see. So I held her in my arms and, told her of her many charms, I kissed her while the guitars played, The Bonaparte's Retreat. All the world was bright as I held her on that night, And I heard her say, "Please don't ever go away." So I held her in my arms and told her of her many charms I kissed her while the bagpipe played the Bonaparte's Retreat. Met the (fiddle) Bonaparte's Retreat.
Sammy Fain, Paul Francis Webster - Tender Is The Night.xml
Tendder is the night. So tender is the night. There's noone in the world except the two of us. Should tomorrow find us disenchanted, we have shared a love that few have known. Summers by the sea, a sailboat in Capri. These memories shall be our very own. Even tho our dreams may vanish in the morning light, we loved once in splendor. How tender, how tender the night.
Hachidai Nakamura & Rokosuke Ei, Janice Marie Johnson - Sukiyaki (with English lyrics).xml
It's all be cause of you I'm feeling sad and blue You went away and now my life is just a rainy day I love you so how much you'll never know You've gone away and left me lonely. Untoucha ble memories seem to keep haunting me of a love so true that once turned all my grey skies blueBut youdisappeared now my eyes are filled with tears. And I'm wishing you were here with me. Soft with love are my thoughts of you. Now that you're gone I don't know what to doIf only you were here, you'd wash away my tears The sun would shine, once again, you'd be mine all mine But in reality you and I will never be, Cause you took your love away from me.
Charles 'Red' Matthews - White Silver Sands.xml
Where the deep blue pearly waters wash upon white silver sands there on the brink of love I kissed her annd obeyed my hearts command where the deep blue pearly waters wash upon white silver sands we watched the sunset in the evening in a far and distant land so here beneath God's blue heaven theres a place I must go see the sun set in the evening with the on ly love I know where the deep blue pearly waters wash upon white silver sands there on the brink of love I kissed her and obeyed my hearts command. where the we'll watch the sun set in the evening see the moon yellow and pale watch the Gaucho ride the pinto out across the pampas trail. mand.
James Van Heusen, Johnny Burke - It's Always You.xml
Whenever it's early twilight, I watch 'till a star breaks through; funny it's not a star I see, It's always you. Whenever I roam through roses, and lately I often do, funny, it's not a rose I touch, it's always you. If a breeze caresses me, it's really you strolling by. If I hear a melody, it's merely the way you sigh. Wherever you are, you're near me, you dare me to be untrue. Funny, each time I fall in love it's always you.
Jimmy McHugh, Harold Adamson - It's A Most Unusual Day.xml
It's a most unusual day, feel like throwing my troubles away, as an old native born Californian would say, "It's a most unusual day." There's a most unusual sky, not a sound of a cloud passing by, and if I want to sing, throw my heart in the ring, It's a most un usual day. There are people meeting people, There is sunshine ev'rywhere. There are people greeting people and a feeling of spring in the air. It's a most unusual time, I keep feeling my tem'prature climb. If my heart won't behave in the usual way, Well there's only one thing to say, It's a most unusual, most unusual, most unusual day
Frank Loesser - Guys And Dolls.xml
When you see a guy reach for stars in the sky, You can bet that he's doing it for some doll. When you spot a John waiting out in the rain, Chances are he's insane as only a John can be for a Jane. When you meet a gent paying all kinds of rent for a flat that could flatten the Taj Mahal, Call it sad, Call it funny, But it's better than even money that the guy's only doing it for some doll. On the other hand, When you see a dame change the shape of her frame, You can bet she's reducing it for some guy. When you find a Doll with her diamond in hock, rest assured that the rock has gone to restock some gentleman Jock. When you see a mouse hurry out of the house, and she runs twenty blocks for cigars and rye, Call it dumb, Call it clever, Ah! But you can give odds forever that the dolls only doing it for some
Eddy Howard - A Million Dreams Ago.xml
You told me it was so a million dreams ago. You held me in your arms a million dreams ago. So many dreams have flown. So many nights alone. I guess I should have known it coudn't be. I locked my memories here in my heart and here in my heart they'll stay and through the years they'll always be part a part of a lovely day. Goodbye, good luck old friend. I'll smile and just pretend, ther was no end a million dreams ago.
Cliff Parman, Frank Lavere, Lew Douglas - Pretend.xml
Pretend you're happy when you're blue It isn'tvery hard to do And you'll find hapiness without an end, whenever you pretend Remember anyone can dream And nothing'sbad as it may seem the little things you haven't got could be a lot if you'd pretend You'll find a love you can share, one you can call all your own, Just close your eyes she'll be there you'll never be alone and if you sing this melody you'll be pretending just like me the world is mine it can be yours my friend so why don't you pre
Re' Kel, Rex Knarf - If Ever I Cease To Love.xml
If ev'r I cease to love, If ev'r I cease to love, May the moon be turned to green cream cheese, If ev'r I cease to love, If ev're I cease to love, If ev'r I cease to love, May we all turn into cats and dogs, If ever we cease to love.
Emmett Adams, Douglas Furber - The Bells Of St Mary's.xml
The bells of St Mary's ah! hear they are calling the young loves, the true loves who come from the sea and so my beloved when red leaves are falling the love bells shall ring out ring out for you and me the bells of St. Mary's Ah! hear they are calling the young loves the true loves who come from the sea and so my beloved when red leaves are falling the love bells shall ring out ring out for you and me.
Mac David, Duke Ellington - I'm Just A Lucky So And So.xml
As I walk down the street, seems ev'ryone I meet gives me a friendly hello. I guess I'm just a lucky so and so. The birds in ev'ry tree, are all so neighborly they sing whereever I go. I guess I'm just a lucky so and so. If you should ask me the amount in my bank account, I'd have to confess that I'm slippin'. But that don't worry me, confidentially, I've got a dream that's a pippin'. And when the day is thru each night I hurry to a home where love waits, I know. I guess I'm just a lucky so and so.
Ernesto Lecuona, Al Stillman - The Breeze And I.xml
The breeze and I are saying with a sigh that you no longer care the breeze and I are whispering goodbye to dreams we used to share Ours was a love song that seemed constant as the moon ending in a strange, mourn ful tune and all about me they know you have departed without me and we won der why the breeze and I.
Edward Ory, Ray Gilbert - Muskrat Ramble.xml
Look at them shufflin, a shufflin down; Ramblin', scramblin', aheadin' for town. Hustlin', bustlin', and buzzin' aroun', Happily awaitin' at the station. Look at the train, the number sevenonine. Huffin' and puffin' and arivin' on time. Who do you think's about to 'rive? The band they call "The Dixieland Five." They're gonna' play that Muskrat Ramble tune. the way you never ever heard it playe. Get ready for the big parade, All together now, one and two, Come on and join the happy throng, Feel the beat of that ramblin' scramblin', muskrat song Come on and ramble along. Look at them shufflin', a shufflin' down; Look at the band paradin' all over town. Look at the happiness agoin' aroun', Ev'rybody's up and celebratin'. Look at the drummer entertainin' the gang. clingin' and clangin' with a bing and a bang. Changin' the town from dead to 'live! The band they call "The Dixieland Five." You're gonna hear them play the Disieland, you better get your reservation planned. In person on a one night stand, All together now, come on folks! Come on and join the happy throng, Feel the beat of that shufflin', scufflin', musklrat song Comeon and ramble a
Johnny Roberts & Morris Levy - My Boy Lollipop.xml
My Boy Lollipop You made my heart go giddy up You are as sweet as candy, You're my sugar dandy. Ha, ho My Boy Lollipop, Never ever leave me, Because it would grieve me, My heart told me so. I love ya, I love ya, I love ya so, That I want ya to know. I need ya, I need ya, I need ya so, And I'll never let you go, My Boy Lollipop You make my heart go giddy up, You set my world on fire You are my one desire, My Boy Lollipop, My Boy Lolipop.
Benny Andersson, Bjorn Ulvaeus - I Have A Dream.xml
I have a dream a song to sing to help me cope with anything If you see the wonder of a fairy tale you can take the fu ture even if you fail I believe in angels something good in evrything I see I believe in angels when I know the time is right for me I'll cross the stream I have a dream I have a dream a fantasy to help me through reality and my destination makes it worth the while pushing through the darkness still another mile dream
Osvaldo Farres, Joe Davis (English Lyrics) - Perhaps, Perhaps, Perhaps.xml
You wont admit you love me, and so how am I ever to know? You always tell me perhaps, perhaps, per haps; a million times I've asked you, and then I ask you over again, You only answer perhaps, perhaps, perhaps. If you can't make your mind up, we'll never get started. And I don't wanna wind up being parted, broken hearted; so, if you really love me, say "yes," but if you don't, dear, confess, and please don't tell me perhaps, perhaps, perhaps.
Rusty Goodman 1965 - Who Am I.xml
When I think of how he came so far from glo ry came and dwelt a mong the low ly such as I to suf fer shame and such dis grace On mout cal v'ry take my place then I ask my self the ques tion who am I? Who am I that a king would bleed and die for? who am I that he would pray not my will, thine for? the ans wer I may nev er know why he ev er loved me so to an old rug ged cross he'd go for who am I?
Isham Jones, Gus Kahn - The One I Love Belongs To Somebody Else.xml
The one I love belongs to somebody else,. she means her tender songs for somebody else. And even when I have my arms around her, I know her thoughts are strong for somebody else. The hands I hold belong to somebody else, I'll bet they're not so cold to somebody else. It's tough to be alone on the shelf, it's worse to fall in love by yourself, the one I love belongs to somebody else.
George Weiss, Bennie Benjamin - That Christmas Feeling.xml
How I love that Christmas feeling, how I treasure it's friendly glow. See the way a stranger greets you, just as though you'd met him Christmases ago. Christmas helps you to remember to do what other folks hold dear. What a blessed place the world would be if we had that Christmas feeling all year.
Jimmy van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Walking Happy.xml
There's the kind of walk you walk when the world's undone you. There's the kind of walk you walk when you're walking proud. There's the kind of walk you walk when the neighbors shun you. There's the kind of walk you walk sets you 'bove the crowd. There's the kind of walk you walk when somebody loves you. That's very much like walking on a cloud. Good fortune found you chappie, and your life's a happy valentine. When you're walking happy Don't the bloomin' world seem fine? There's the kind of walk you walk when you feel like crowing. There's the kind of walk you walk when you're on your way. There's the kind of walk you walk when your pride is showing. There's the kind of walk you walk when today's your day. There's the kind of walk you walk when the world's all rainbows, and your heart's hoppin' like a popinjay. So you had best believe it chappie You'll find that life is finger snappy The day you learn that walking happy Gives the world a shine. So just keep walking happy with your hand in mine.
Phil Spector - To Know Him Is To Love Him.xml
To know, know, know him is to love, love, love him. just to see him smile makes my lifeworthwhile. To know, know, know him is to love, love, love him and I do. I be good to him, I bring love to him. Evryone says there'll come a day when I'll walk along side of him. Yes, Yes, to know him is to love, love, love him and I do. Why can't he see? How blind can he be? Someday he will see that he was meant for me, oh, oh, yes. To know, know, know him is to love, love, love him. Just to see him smile makes my life worthwhile. To know, know, know him is to love, love love him and I do. Yes I
Harry Dacre - Bicycle Built for Two.xml
There is a flower Within my heart, Daisy, Daisy! Planted one day By a glancing dart, Planted by Daisy Bell! Whether she loves me Or loves me not, Sometimes it's hard to tell; Yet I am longing to share the lot Of beautiful Daisy Bell! Dai sy, Daisy, Give me your answer do! I'm half crazy, all for the love of you! It won't be a stylish marriage, I can't afford a carriage, But you'll look sweet upon the seat of a bicycle made for two.
George Gershwin, B.G.De Sylva - Do It Again!.xml
Oh, do it again, I may say, "No, no, no. no, no," But do it again. My lips just ache to have you take, The kiss that's waiting just for you. You know if you do, You won't regret it, come and get it. Oh, no one is near, I may cry, "Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh," But no one will hear. Mama may scold me 'cause she told me It is naughty, but then, Oh, do it again, Please do it again! Please do it again!
Hans Last, Jackie Rae - Happy heart.xml
Theres a certain sound always follows me around when you're close to me you will hear it It's the sound that lovers hear when they discover there could be no other for their love Its my happy heart you hear, singing loud and singing clear, and its all because you're near me, my love take my happy heart away let me love you night and day in your arms I wanna stay oh my love. stay oh my love.
Jorge Ben, English Lyrics: Norman Gimbel - Ma Que Nada.xml
Ooo when Your eyes met mine Pow Pow Pow Ooo I could lose my mind Ow Ow Its a feel ing that be gins to grow an grow an grow in side me till I feel like I'm gon na ex plode Oh, this is what you do to me! Are your lips say ing things that you feel in your heart? If your heart is beat ing mad ly Then let the mus ic start. Hold me, hold me! It's heav en ooo it's heav en when you hold me; I want you night and day. Ooo I want you here to stay. Ow!
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - Haunted Heart.xml
In the night though we're apart there's a ghost of you within my haunted heart, ghost of you my lost romance. Lips that laugh, eyes that dance, haunted heart won't let me be. Dreams repeat a sweet but lonely song to me. Dreams are dust, it's you who must belong to me and thrill my haunted heart. Be still my haunted heart. Time rolls on trying in vain to cure me, you are gone, but you remain to lure me. You're there in the dark and I call, you're there but you're not there at all. Oh what will I do without you, without you.
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - Wouldn't It Be Loverly.xml
All I want is a room somewhere far away from the cold night air with one enormous chair oh wouldn't it be loverly lots of chocolate for me to eat lots of coal making lots of heat warm face, warm hands warm feet oh wouldn't it be loverly oh so loverly sittin absobloomin lutely still I would never budge til spring crept over the window sill someone's head restin' on my knee warm and tender as he can be who takes good care of me oh wouldn't it be loverly loverly loverly loverly loverly
Death Cab For Cutie - Meet Me At The Equinox.xml
Meet me on the Equinox Meet me halfway When the sun is perched at its highest peak in the middle of the day Let me give my love to you Let me take your hand And we will walk in the dimming light Oh darl ing un der stand That Ev 'ry thing Ev'ry thing ends That Ev 'ry thing Ev'ry thing ends Ev'rythin Ev'rything Ev'rything ends Meet me on your best behavior Meet me at your worst For there will be no stone unturned Or bubble left to burst Let me lay beside you darling Let me be your man And let our bodies INT ER TWINE but al way un der stand BRIDGE: A win dow An open tomb The sun crawls 'cross your bed room The halo Awaiting room Your last breaths Mov ing thru you And Ev 'ry thing Ev'ry thing ends That Ev 'ry thing Ev'ry thing ends Ev'rything Ev'rything Ev'rything ends
Irving Berlin - Say It Isn't So.xml
Say it isn't so, say it isn't so. Ev'ryone is saying you don't love me, say it isn't so. Ev'rywhere I go, ev'ryone I know whispers that you're growing tired of me, say it isn't so. People say that you found somebody new, and it won't be long before you leave me, say it isn't true. Say that ev'rything is still okay, that's all I want to know, and what they're saying say it isn't so. so.
Ivor Novello, Christopher Hassall - I Can Give You the Starlight  .xml
I can give you the starlight Love unchanging and true I can give you the ocean Deep and tender devotion I can give you the mountains Pools all shimm'ring and blue Call and I shall be All you ask of me Music in Spring Flowers for a King All these I bring to you.
Jerome Kern, Oscar Hammerstein II - Why Was I Born.xml
Why was I born? Why am I living? What do I get? What am I giving? Why do I want a thing I daren't hope for? What can I hope for? I wish I knew. Why do I try to draw you near me? Why do I cry? You never hear me. I'm a poor fool, but what can I do? Why was I born to love you?
Ira F. Stanphill - Mansion Over the Hilltop.xml
I'm sat is fied with just a cot tage be low A lit tle sil ver and a lit tle gold but in that ci ty where the ran somed will shi ne I want a gold one that's sil ver lined I've got a man sion just ov er the hill top in that bright land where we'll ne ver grow old and some day yon der we will ne ver more wan der but walk on streets that are pur est gold don't think me poor or des ser ted or or lone ly I'm not dis cour aged I'm hea ven bound I'm just a pil grim in search of that ci ty I want a man sion a harp and I crown I've got a man sion just ov er the hill top in that bright land where we'll ne ver grow old and some day yon der we will ne ver more wan der but walk on streets that are pur est gold I've got a man sion just ov er the hill top in that bright land where we'll ne ver grow old and some day yon der we will ne ver more wan der but walk on streets that are pur est gold
Orlando Murden, Ronald Miller - For Once In My Life.xml
For once in my life I have someone who needs me, someone I've need ed so long. For once unafraid I can go where life leads me and somehow I know I'll be strong For once I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you would make my dream come true. For once in my life I wont let sorrow hurt me not like it hurt me before. For once I have something I know wont desert me I'm not alone anymore. For once I can say this is mine, you can't take it, long as I know I have love I can make it. For once in my life I have someone who needs me. For once I can feel that somebody's heard my plea. For once in my life I have someone who needs me.
Sammy Gallop & Jerry Livingston - Wake The Town And Tell The People.xml
Wake The Town And Tell The People sing it to the moon above Wake the town and tell the people, tell 'em that we're so in love. Let's begin the cele bration, let's declare a holiday, send a wedding invitation to the neighbors right a way. When you are close to me and my heart is dancing with delight, I want the world to see heaven in my arms tonight. Shout it from the highest steeple, ring the bells the whole night through, Wake the town and tell the people, tell 'em I'm in love with you.
Sigmund Romberg, Dorothy Donnelly - Overhead The Moon Is Beaming.xml
Over head the moon is beaming, White as blossoms on yhe bough. Nothing is heard but the song of a bird filling all the air with dreaming. Would my heart but still it's beating Only you can tell it how, beloved. From your window give me greeting, Hear my eternal vow. Soft in the trees lies the echo of my longing, While all around you my dreams of rapture throng (Hold me closer Tonight we love!) My soul, my joy, my hope, my fear, Your heart must tell you that I am near. list from above while I pour out my love, For you know through my life you are love'd Oh, hear my longing cry, Oh, love me or I die. Overhead' the moon is beaming, White as blossoms on the bough. Nothing is heard but the song of a bird, Filling all the air with dreaming. Would my heart but still its beating, Only you can tell it how, beloved. From your window give me greeting, I swear my eternal love.
Arthur Johnston, Sam Coslow - Moon Song.xml
It came from nowhere the night that we met, 'twas like a melodious plea, sweet moon song. That wasn't meant for me. Why is it always reminding me of a love dream that never could be, sweet moon song. That wasn't meant for me. It came gliding into my heart riding on a moon beam from above. Sorrow ended and the whole world blended in a rhapsody of love. Then, I heard him singing to somebody else what I thought was my melody, sweet moon song, That wasn't meant for me.
George Shearing, George David Weiss - Lullaby of Birdland.xml
Lullaby of birdland, that´s what I always hear when you sigh. Never in my wordland could there be words to reveal in a phrase how I feel! Have you ever heard two turtle doves bill and coo when they love? That's the kind of magic music we make with our lips And there's a weepy old willow he really knows how to cry! That´s how I cry in my pillow if you should tell me farewell and goodbye! Lullaby of Birdland whisper low kiss me sweet and we'll go flyin' high in Birdland high in the sky up above all because we´re in love. all because we´re in love.
Bob Merrill - A Sweet Old Fashioned Girl.xml
Wouldn't anybody care to meet a sweet old fashioned girl? Skoobelee doobeedum doesn't any body care a bout a sweet old fashioned pearl? Skoobelee doobeedum who's a frantic little bopper in some slippy socks just a crazy rock'n rollin little goldilocks wouldn't any body care to meet a sweet old fashioned girl doesn't anybody care to hear some sweet old fashioned talk? skoobelee doobeedum wouldn't anybody like to take a nice old fashionedwalk? skoobelee doobeedum take a walk around the corner where the cats all stop where you dig the juicy ribs and then you dance that bop wouldn't anybody like to take a nice old fashioned walk? skoobeedoo skoobeedoo we can bop on a bicycle built for two scoobee die skoobee die you'll get your kicks if you give us a try wouldn't anybody care to meet a sweet old fashioned miss? skoobelee doobeedum wouldn't anybodylike to kiss a sweet old fashioned kiss? skoobelee doobeedum you'll just flip your little wig because we"ll bet you son that you'll really dig the flavor of our bubble gum wouldn't any body care to meet a sweet old fashioned miss? Wouldn't skoobeedoo skoobeedoo we went out to that house where the lights are blue scoobee die skoobee die tho' we went waltzin in we went boppin goodbe wouldn't anybody care to meet a sweet old fashioned girl? skoobelee doobeedum doesn't anybody care about a sweet old fashioned pearl? skoobelee doobeedum who's a frantic little bopper in some sloppy socks just a cra zy rock'n rollin little goldilocks wouldn't anybody care to meet a sweet old fashioned girl?
Adaptation by Mack David, Al Hoffman, Jerry Livingston - None But the Lonely Heart.xml
None but the lonely heart can know my sorrow as I keep searching for my love in vain. Is there a lonely heart that I could borrow, a heart to sing with me love's sweet refrain? What good are stars that shine when they are wasted, what good are lips like mine that go untasted? Night after night I pray I'll find my lover and when I do my heart will feell that glow, something None but the lonely heart could know.
Danny Wolfe - Sugar Moon.xml
oh sug er moon come out to night, bring me your glow of angel light, hear in my arms love will bloom if you will shine, oh sugar moon while you shine down from up above I'll hold her close and talk sweet love and in your glow we'll hear love's tune then she'll be mine oh, sugar moon oh, sugar moon.
Riz Ortolani, Francis Webster - The Seventh Dawn.xml
I'll remember whien I feel lonely, the way you kissed me in the rain. And, darling, I'll remember your golden laughter, whenever spring breaks through again; I'll be near you, when nights are misty, or when the dawn star comes shining through; And I'll find you I'll be just a dream behind you, For my love will lead me to the seventh dawn and you! I'll reyou!
Cliff Friend 1921, Irving Mills 1921 - Lovesick Blues.xml
I got the feelin called the blues Oh oh Lawd since my baby said goodbyeLawd I dont know what I'll do all I do is sit and sigh that last long day she said goodbyewell Lawd I tho't I would cry   she;d do me she'd do you she's got that kind of lovin Lawd I love to hear her when she calls me sweet dad dy such a beautiful dream I hate to think it all over I've lost my heart it seems I've grown so used to you somehow Lawd I;m nobodys sugar daddy now and I'm lonesome I got the lovesick blues
Vincent Youmans, Irving Caesar - Tea for two.xml
Picture you up on my knee just tea for two and two for tea just me for you and you for me alone Nobody near us to see us or hear us no friends or relations on weekend vacations, we wont have it known dear that we own a telephone dear Day will break and you'll awake and start to bake a sugar cake for me to take for all the boys to see we will raise a family a boy for you a girl for me oh cant you see how happy we would be?
traditional - Virgin Mary had a Baby Boy.xml
The Virgin Mary had a baby boy, The Virgin Mary had a baby boy, The Virgin Mary had a baby boy, And they said that his name was Jesus. The angels sang when the baby born, The angels sang when the baby born, The angels sang when the baby born, And proclaim him the Saviour, Jesus. He come from the glory, He come from the gloriour Kingdom! He come from the glory, He come from the glorious Kingdom! Oh, yes, believer! Oh, yes, believer! He come from the glory, He come from the glorious Kingdom.
Nicholas Brodszky, Sammy Cahn - Because You're Mine.xml
Because you're mine the brightest star I seee looks down my love and envys me because youre mine because youre mine because youre mine the breeze that hurries by becomes a melody and why because youre mine because youre mine I on ly know for as long as I may live I'll only live for the kiss that you alone may give me and when we kiss that isnt thunder dear its only my poor heart you hear and its applaus because youre mine!
Jimmy Kennedy & Michael Carr - Cinderella, Stay In My Arms.xml
Stay In My Arms, Cinderella, while the clock is striking I'll hold you. At the stroke of twelve don't run away. Oh, can't you hear my heart, it begs you to Stay In My Arms, Cinderella, Maybe I'm that fellow Prince Charming. Since I met you I've had one design, your wedding shoes placed next to mine, midnight of midnights, and so divine, Cinderella Stay In My Arms.
Hoagy Carmichael, Stuart Gorrell - Georgia on My Mind.xml
Melodies bring memories that linger in my heart, Make me think of Georgia. Why did we ever part? Some sweet day, when blossoms fall and all the world's a song, I'll go back to Georgia, 'cos that's where I belong. Georgia, Georgia, The whole day through, Just an old sweet song keeps Georgia on my mind. (Georgia on my mind.) Georgia, Georgia, a song of you Comes as sweet and clear as moonlight through the pines. Other arms reach out to me; Other eyes smile tenderly; Still in peaceful dreams I see the road leads back to you. Georgia, Georgia, no peace I find; Just an old sweet song keeps Georgia on my mind.
Mike Batt - Bright eyes.xml
Is it a kind of a dream floating out on the tide following the river of death downstream Oh is it a dream? theres a fog along the horizon cold soundiun the air nobody ev er known when you go and where do you start Oh Oh is it a dream? bright eyes burning like fire bright eyes how can you close and fail how can the light that burned so brightly suddenly burn so pale? bright eyes
Celestine Akins - Believe in Me.xml
Be lieve in me and I can move moun tains Be lieve in me and I'll bring you the stars Be lieve in me And I'll be here wait ing Be lieve in me Where ev er you are Be lieve in me and I'll bring you the sun shine Be lieve and I'll al ways be true Be lieve and I'll bring you the moon beams That's all I ask of you Be lieve in me I'll love you for ev er Be lieve in me Where ev er you are
Irving Berlin - Let Me Sing and I'm Happy.xml
Let me sing song with crazy words that roll along and if my song can start you laughing I'm happy, happy. Let me sing a sad refrain of broken hearts that loved in vain, and if my song can start you crying I'm happy. Let me croon a low down blues to lift you out of your seat. If my song can reach your shoes and start you tapping your feet I'm happy. Let me sing of Dixie's charms, the Swanee shore, and mother's arms, and if my song can make you homesick I'm
Francis Scott Key - Star Spangled Banner.xml
Oh, say can you see, by the dawn's early light, What so proudly we hail'd at the twilight's last gleaming? Whose broad stripes and bright stars, thro' the perilous fight, O'er the ramparts we watch'd, were so gallantly streaming? and the rockets' red glare, the bombs bursting in air, Gave proof thro' the night that our flag was still there. Oh say does that starspangled banner yet wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave.
Michel Legrand, Alan and Marilyn Bergman - I Will Say Goodbye.xml
I will say goodbye, I will walk away; I will speak the words you would have me say. I will walk away, I will walk alone, I will not look back, for I'd turn to stone! More than just farewell, more than just goodbye, it will be as if we'd never met! You would hear the words you would have me say. You would have me say, you are not my love, You are not my love, oh, my love. I will say goodbye, I will close the door, I will close my eyes, I will love no more.
John Kander, Fred Ebb - And All That Jazz.xml
Come on babe, why don't we paint the town, An all that jazz! I'm gonna rouge my knees and roll my stockings down. An all that jazz! Start the car I know a whoopee spot where the gin is cold but the piano's hot. it's just a noisy hall where there's a nightly brawl. And all that jazz! Slick your hair and wear your buckle shoes. And all that jazz! I hear that Father Dip is gonna blow the blues And all that jazz! Hold on hon, we're gonna bunny hug, I bought some aspirin down at United Drug in case we shake apart and want a brand new start to do that jazz! Oh, I'm gonna see my Sheba shimmy shake And all that jazz! Oh, she's gonna shimmy till her garters break And all that jazz! Show her where to park her girdle. Oh, her mother's blood'd curdle if she'd hear her baby's queer for all that jazz! Find a flask we're playing fast and loose And all that jazz! And all that jazz! Right up here is where I store the juice, And all that jazz! And all that jazz! Come on babe we're gon na brush the sky. I betcha lucky Lindy never flew so high, 'cause in the stratosphere how could he lend an ear to all that jazz! No, I'm noone's wife, but oh, I love my life And all that jazz!
Duke Ellington - In A Mellow Tone.xml
In a mellow tone Feelin' fancy free, and I'm not alone I've got company. Evry thing's O. K. The live long day With this mellowsong, I can't go wrong. In a mellow tone, that's the way to live. If you mope and groan, something's got to give. So go your way, and laugh and play; there's joy unknown, in a mellow tone.
Kevin Cavanaugh, Kevin Cavanaugh - David Riegler - QUIETLY.xml
Driving home in the dark of night win dows down the eve'ning air feels right Four teen miles and I'll be home to you (to You)  (i) slip the key in side the door stock ing feet pad a cross the floor you're a wake you're wait ing up for me (for me) and I enter the room QUIET LY A breeze blows the cur tains back I need and I hold you at last. Nightin gale brings a song just for you We catch the spark of light in the blue in the blue  how can we sleep when the night's so alive In a room downstairs the eve' ning clock strikes five Sleep must come but it won't come too soon (too soon) and you love me again QUIETLY and you love me again QUIETly
George Forrest, Robert Wright - Baubles, Bangles and Beads.xml
Baubles bangles hear how they jing jingalinga baubles bangles bright shiny beads sparkles spangles my heart will sing singalinga wearing baubles bangles and beads. I'll glitter and gleam so, Make somebody dream so that someday he may buy me a ring ringalinga I've heard that's where it leads, wearing baubles bangles and beads.
Isham Jones (1924), Gus Kahn - Spain.xml
I know a sunny land, Of romance and rhyme, Where sweet bells chime, at evening time, Where love and laughtter, Drive all sorrow away, I long to be there today, Where fragrant orange blossoms smile at the sky, Maids passing by, Smile while they sigh, For skies and eyes are friendly, tender and true, My land I'm singing for you. Spain you're like a maiden so fair, Twining a rose in her hair, Watching and waiting for me. Blue Mediterranean skies, Kissing the tears from your eyes, There by the summery sea,In My heart Though we be apart, You ring like a lover's refrain Soft as the pattering rain, Singing of beautiful Spain.
Cole Porter - All Of You.xml
I love the looks of you, the lure of you, the sweet of you the pure of you; the eyes, the arms, the mouth of you, the East, West, North, and the South of you. I'd love to gain complete control of you, and handle even the heart and soul of you. So love, at least a small percent of me, do, for I love all of you. I love the
R. Kelly - You are not alone.xml
Another day has gone, I'm still all alone how could this be, you're not here with me. You never said goodbye, someone tell me why did she have to go and leave my world so cold Ev'ry day I sit and ask myself how did this thing end? Something whispers in my ear and says. You are not alone but you are not alone lone, why lone Just the other night
Andre Popp, English by Brian Blackburn - Love Is Blue.xml
Blue, blue, my world is blue, Blue is the world now I'm without you. Grey, grey, my life is grey, Cold is my heart since you went away. Red, red, my eyes are red, Crying for you alone in my bed. Green, green, my jealous heart, I doubted you and dnow we're apart. When we met, how the bright sun shone. Then love died, now the rainbow is gone. Black, black, the nights I've known, longing for you So lost and alone. Gone, gone the love we knew, Blue is my world now I'm without you. I'm without you.
Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart - Mountain Greenery.xml
In a mountain green ery where God paints the scenery just two crazy peo ple to gether while you love your lover let blue skies be you cov erlet when it rains we'll laugh at the weather and if youre good Ill search for wood so you can cook while I stand look ing beans could get no keen er re ception in a bean ery bless our mountain green ery home!
Stan Jones - Ghost Riders In The Sky.xml
An old cowpoke went ridin' out one dark and windy day. Upon a ridge he rested as he went along his way; when all at once a mighty herd of redeyed cows he saw. A plowin' thru the ragged skies And up a cloudy draw. Yippyyiyo Yippy yi yay The ghost herd in the sky. Their Their brands were still on fire and their hooves were made of steel. Their horns were black and shiny and their hot breath he could feel. A bolt of fear went thru him as they thundered thru the sky. For he saw the rider's comin' hard, and he heard their mournful cry. Yippyyi yo Yippyyi yay The ghost riders in the sky. Their sky.
Cole Porter - You Do Something To Me.xml
You do something to me, something that simply mystifies me. Tell me why it should be, You have the pow'r to hypnotize me? Let me live 'neath your spell, dodo that voodoo that you do so well, for You do something to me, that nobody else can do. do.
Arthur Johnston, John Burke - Pennies From Heaven.xml
Ev'ry time it rains it rains Pen nies from Heaven Don't you know each cloud con tains Pen nies from Heaven? You'll find your fortune falling all over town. Be sure that your umbrella is upside down. Trade them for a package of sunshine and flowers. If you want the things you love, you must have showers. So when you hear it thunder, don't run under a tree, There'll be Pennies from Heaven for you and me.
Clarence Williams, Charles Warfield - Baby, Won't You Please Come Home.xml
Baby won't you please come home, 'cause your mamma's all a lone. I have tried in vain, never no more to call your name. When you left you broke my heart because I never thought we'd part. Ev'ry hour in the day, you will hea me say, Baby won't you please come home. home, daddy nees mamma, baby won't you please come home.
Freddie Slack, Don Raye - House Of Blue Lights.xml
Lace up your boots and we'll broom on down To a knocked out shack on the edge of town There's an eight beat combo that just won't quit Keep walkin' 'till you see a bluelight lit Fall in there and we'll see some sights At the House Of Blue Lights. There's fryersand broilers, and Detroit barbecue ribs But the treat of the treats is when they serve up all those fine eight beats you'll want to spend the rest of your brights Down at the house, the House Of Blue Lights. We'll have a time and we'll cut some rug While we dig those times like they should be dug It's a real home comin' for all the "Cats" Just trilly down a pathe of welcome mats Fall in there and we'll see some sights At the House Of Blue Lights.
Gold, Weiner, Jonny Gluck - It's My Party.xml
ITS MY PAR TY, and I'll cry if I want to cry if I want to cry if I want to You would cry too if it hap pened to you. No bod y knows where my John ey has gone cuz Ju dy left the same time. Why was he hold ing her hand when he's sup posed to be mine? Play all my rec ords, keep danc ing all night, but leave me a lone for a while. 'Til John ey's danc ing with me I've got no rea son to smile.
Larry Weiss - Rhinestone Cowboy.xml
I've been walkin these street so long singin the same old song I know evry crack on these dirty sidewalks of Broad way where hustle is the name of the game and nice guys get washed away like the snow and the rain there's been a load of comprimisin on the road to my horizon but I'm gonna be where the lights are shinin on me like a rhinestone cowboy ridin out on a horse in a starspangled rodeo rhinestone cow boy gettin cards and let ters from peopple I dont even know offers comin over the phone well' I eally dont mine the rain anda smile cant hide the pain but you're down when you're ridin a train thats taking the long way but I dream of the things I'll do with a subway token and a dollar tucked inside my shoe
Stuart Hamblen - This Ole House.xml
This ole house once knew his children this ole house once knew his wife this ole house was home and comfort as they fought the storms of life this ole house once rang with laughter this ole house heard many shouts now he trembles in the darkness when the lightnin walks about Ain't a gonna need this house no longer ain't agonna need this house no more Ain't got time to fix the shingles ain't got time to fix the floor ain't got time to oil the hinges not to mend no window panes Ain't gonna need this house no longer He's a gettin ready to meet his fate This old fate.
Jimmy van Heusen, Johnny Burke - The Hard Way.xml
Some girls can make any man dream. By flashing an innocent gleam Me, I do a nipup, Curl my upper lip up Light a roman candle and scream. I have to do it the hard way! Some girls can wear any old rags And capture the wolves and the stags, Me, I dress in sables, Walk across the tables, Waving three American flags. I have to do it the hard way! Let's say there's a dance, They're playing a waltz And I want romance That's when I begin turning somersaults. Some girls can keep men on their toes By smiling and throwing a rose Me, I wrack my noodle, Whistle "Yankee Doodle" Balancing a broom on my nose. Oh, I'm a telling you, Pard, I have to do it the hard way!
Richard A. Whiting, Leo Robin - We Will Always Be Sweethearts.xml
Day after day, we will always be sweethearts, the same as the day we began. Do what he may, We will always be sweethearts for he is my boy, and my man. He kisses me and my lips are so williing, But we both agree that each time it's more thrilling and so I can say we will aways be sweet hearts the same as the day we began.
Freddie Hubbard, Sheila Jordan - Up Jumped Spring.xml
i was out promenadin but high hopes were fadin that dreams ever really come true, when up jumped springime i got a look at you. All that once I was heady a gaze long and steady made sounds of the patter grow dim, 'cause and love came on in. Now my Heart wants to cheer, liefe's sweet prom ise is here and life is a lovely thing . And we're sweethearts to gether like birds of a feather our love is a free as the wind, 'cause up jumped springtime. So Hello my friend.
Stuart Duaermann, Steffi Geiser Rubin - The Trees of the Field.xml
You shall go out witn joy and be led forth with peace. The moun tains and the hills will break forth be fore you There'll be Shouts of joy and all the trees of the field will clap will clap their hands. And all the trees of the field will clap their hands the trees of the field will clap their hands the trees of the field will clap their hands While you go down with joy. joy.
Lionel Richie - Lady.xml
Lady, I'm your knight in shining armour and I love you, you have made me what I am and I am yours.. My love, there's so many ways I want to say I love you, let me hold you in my arms forever more. You have gone and made me such a fool, I'm so lost in your love. And oh, we belong together. Won't you believe in my song? Lady, for so many years I thought I'd never find you, you have come into my life and made me whole Forever, let me wake to see you each and ev'ry morning, let me hear you whisper softly in my ear. In my eyes I see noone else but you, There's no other love like our love. And yes, Oh yes, I'll always want you near me. I've waited for you for so long. Lady your love's the only love I need. and beside me is where I want you to be. 'Cause, my love, there's somethin' I want you to know. You're the love of my life you're my lady!
David Foster, Alberto Testa, Carole Bayer Sager, Tony Renis - The Prayer.xml
I pray you''ll be our eyes and watch us where we go. and help us to be wise, in times when we don't know. Let this be our prayer, when we lose our way. Lead us to a place, guide us with your grace to a place where we'll be safe. I pray we'll' find your light, and hold it in our hearts When stars go out each night you're our eternal star. Let this be our prayer when shadows fill our day Lead us to a place, guide us with your grace, give us faith so we'll be safe. Sogna mo͜͜ un mondo senza piu violenza. Un mondo di giustizia͜͜ e di speranza. Ognuno dia la manno͜͜ al suo vicino simbolo di pace di traternita. La forza che ci dai We ask that life be kind, e͜͜ il  desidderio che. and watch us from above, Ognuno tro vi͜͜ a more We hope each soul will find interno͜ e den tro se. Let this be our prayer just like ev'ry child, just like ev'ry child, need to find a place, guide us with your grace, Give us faith so we'll be safe. E la fede che hai acceso͜ in noi Sento che ci sulvera.
Albert Ketelbey  - In a Monastery Garden .xml
Through the misty twilight falling, Voices from afar are calling, Calling all the weary homeward to their rest, The evening bell is softly pealing, While from out the cloisters stealing, Comes this pray'r of mercy peaceful and so blessed!
Vincent Rose, Al Jolson, B. G. DeSylva - Avalon.xml
I found my love in Avalon be side the bay I left my love in Avalon and sail'd away I dream of her and Avalon from dusk till dawn and so I think I'll travel on to Avalon. I lon.
Frederick Lowe, Alan Jay Lerner - Almost Like Being In Love.xml
What a day this has been! What a rare mood I'm in! Why, it's almost like being in love. There's a smile on my face for the whole human race. Why, it's almost like being in love. All the music of life seems to be, like a bell that is ringing for me. And from the way that I feel when that bell starts to peal I could swear I was falling, I could swear I was falling, it's almost like being in love.
Anton Karas, Walter Lord - Third Man Theme.xml
When a zither starts to play, You'll remember yesterday; In its haunting strain, Vienna lives again, Free and bright and gay. In your mind a sudden gleam of a half forgotten dream, Seems to glimmer when you hear the third man theme. Once again there comes to mind Someone that you left behind, Love that somehow didn't last In that happy city of the past. Does she still recall the dream, That rapture so supreme, When first she heard the haunting third man theme? Carnivals and carousels and ferris wheels and parasols, The Danube nights, the dancing lights Again will shine. The zither's sweet refrain Keeps swirling in your brain Like new May wine. Strauss waltzes, candle glow, and the laughter of long ago Fill the magic chords and make it seem like today. You never knew that you could be Enchanted by a melody. The years will never drive it out. You don't know why It's something you can't live without. You hear it in the twilight hush And in the morning traffic rush A song that's always new In your heart, a part of you. Oh, Shines so brightly
Britney Spears - (You Drive Me) Crazy.xml
Baby, I'm so into you. You've got that something. What can I do? Baby, you spin me around. The earth is moving but I can't feel the ground. Ev'ry time you look at me, my heart is jumping. It's easy to see. Sovin' you means so much more, more than anything I ever felt before. You drive me crazy, I just can't sleep. I'm so excited, I'm in too deep. You drive me crazy, but it feels al right. Baby, thinkin" of you keeps me up all night. Teel me, you're so into me, that I'm the only one you will see. Tell me I'm not in the blue, that I'm not wasting my feelings on you. up all night. Crazy, I just can't sleep. I'm so excited, I'm in too deep. Crazy, but it feels alright. Ev'ry day and ev'ry night. You drive me crazy. I'm so excited, I'm in too deep. Oh, crazy, but it feels al right. Baby, thinkin' of you keeps me up all night. You drive me
M.Hadjidakis, Jean Ioannidis (English Lyrics: Arthur Altman - All Alone AM I.xml
All alone am I, ever since your goodbye, all alone with just the beat of my heart. People all around, but I don't hear a sound, just the lonely beating of my heart. No use in holding other hands, for I'd be holding only emptiness. No use in kissing other lips, for I'd be thinking just of your carress. All alone am I, ever since your goodbye, all alone with just a beat of heart. People all around, but I don't hear a sound, just the lonely beating of my heart. All a No other voice can say the words, my heart must hear to ever sing again, The words you used to whisper low, No other love can ever bring again. lonely beating of my heart.
Dan Schutte - All For Your Glory.xml
Christ in our waking, Christ in our sleep, Christ in the trea'sure of mem'ries we keep. All the days laughter, all the days tears it is all for your glory, my Lord and my God.
traditional cowboy ballad,   - Git Along Little Dogies.xml
Whooppee Ti Yi Yo Git along little dogies, It's your misfortune and none of my own, Whooppee Ti Yi Yo Git along little dogies, You know that Wyoming will be your new home.
Antonio Carlos Jobim, Vinicius de Moraes - The Girl From Ipanema.xml
Tall and tan and youngand lovely the girlfrom Ipanema goes walking and whenshe passes, each one she passes goes "A-a-ah!" When she walks she's like a samba that swings so cool and swaysso gentle, that whenshe passes, each oneshe passes goes "A-a-ah!" Oh, but I watch her so sadly How can I tell her I love her? Yes, I would give my heart gladly, But each day when she walks to the sea, she looks straight ahead, not at me. Tall and tan and young and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking, and when she passes I smile, but she doesn't see. handsome, the boyhe passes, each girl he he walks he's he passes, each girlhe him him him? he he handsome, the boy he he She just doesn't see. No, She doesn't see.
Tony Hatch - My Love.xml
My Love is warmer than the warmest sunshine, softer than a sigh, My Love is deeper than the deepest ocean, wider than the sky My Love is brighter than the brightest star that shines ev'ry night above and there is nothing in this world that can ever change My LoveSomething happened to my heart the day that I met you, something that I never felt before. You are always on my mind no matter what I do, and ev'ry day it seems I want you more My Love is change My Love.
Les Kettley - I've given up on love.xml
I've given up, I've given up, I've given up on love, given up until the time I fall in love again. I've given up on love, since the last time, I've given up on love until the next time, I've had enough heart ache, and enough of the pain, I've given up on love, until I fall in love again.
Milton Kellem - Gonna Get Along Without Ya Now.xml
Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm Gonna Get Along Without Ya now Hmm Hmmmy hon ey Hmm Hmm my honey gonna get along without ya now You told me I was the neatest thing You even asked me to wear your ring then you ran aroun' with ev'ry girl in town you never cared if it got me down Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm gonna get along without ya now Hmm Hmm my honney Hmm Hmm my honey gonna get along with out ya now got a long withoutya before I met ya gonna get along withouy ya now gonna find somebody who's twice as cute 'cause I didn't like ya anyhow You told ev'ry body that we were friends but this is where our friendship ends All of a sudden you change your tune you haven't been around since way last June Hmm Hmm Hmm Hmm gonna get along withouy ya now got a long without ya before I met ya gonna get along without ya now So long my honey Goodbye my dear gonna get along without you now
Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn - Yes Sir, That's My Baby.xml
Yes, Sir, That's My Baby, no, sir, Don't mean "Maybe" Yes, Sir, That's My Baby now. Yes, ma'am we've decided No ma'am we won't hide it, Yes, ma'am you're invited now. By the way, By the way When we reach the preacher I'd say, Yes, Sir, That's My Baby, No, Sir, don't mean "maybe" Yes, Sir, That's My Baby now. Yes, Sir, That's My Baby, no, sir, Don't mean "Maybe" Yes, Sir, That's My Baby now. Well well, "lookit" that baby Do tell, don't say "Maybe" Nell's bells won't she cause some row. Pretty soon Pretty soon We will hear that Lohengrin tune, Who for should she be sir, No one else but me sir, Yes, Sir, That's My Baby
John Pisano, Peggy Lee - So What's New.xml
So tell me babe what's new and how's the scene with you? Gee, it's good to see you, babe. Yeah' I missed you so, how you'll never know Gee it's good to see you, babe. You walked in, lights went on allover my face, You lit up the place and you've been gone just too long, now Tell me babe what's new? You glad to see me too, Hey my world is spinning, now I know I'm winnin' You stay home now, don't ever roam now, and I'll say baby, So good to see you.
Jokern, Carroll Loveday - The Shrine Of Saint Cecilia.xml
Our home is a shambles, all I've treasured is gone. The town seems deserted, ev'ry one so forlorn, A storm came from up above, but somehow it missed The Shrine Of Saint Cecilia. The bells in the chapel never ring anymore, The clock in the steeple can't tell time as before, But up on the hillside stands a place heaven blessed, The Shrine Of Saint Cecilia. Each day at even tide when I seek haven from my daily care, You'll find me by her side, it seems so peaceful there. I kneel in my solitude and silently pray, That heav'n will protect you dear, and there'll come a day, The storm will be over and that we'll meet again at The Shrine Of Saint Cecilia.
Bjorn Ulvaeus, Benny Andersson - Super Trouper.xml
Super Trouper beams are gonna blind me but I won't feel blue like I always do, 'cause somewhere in the crowd there's you. I was sick and tired of ev'rything when I called you last night from Glas gow. All I do is eat and sleep and sing wishing ev'ry show was the last show. So imagine I was glad to hear you're coming suddenly I feel alright, and it's gonna be so diff'rent when I'm on the stage tonight. Tonight the super trouper lights are gonna find me, shining like the sun, smiling, having fun, feeling like a number one. Tonight the super trouper beams are gonna blind me but I won't feel blue like I always do, 'cause somewhere in the crowd there's Facing twenty thousand of your friends, how can anyone be so lone ly. Part of a success that never ends, still I'm thinking about you on ly. There are moments when I think I'm going crazy, but it's gonna be alright, ev'rything will be so diff'rent when I'm on the stage tonight. somewhere in the crowd there's you. So I'll be there when you arrive, the sight of you will prove to me I'm still alive and when you take me in your arms and hold me tight I know it's gonna mean so much tonight Tonight the
Lao Silesu, Adrian Ross - A Little Love, A Little Kiss.xml
When the scented night of summer covers Field and city with her veil of blue, All the lanes are full of straying loveers, Murmuring the words I say to you Just a little love, a little kiss, Just an hour that holds a world of bliss; Eyes that tremble like the stars above me, And the little word that says "You love Me".I would give you all my life for this, As I hold you fast and bend above you, And I hear you whispering, "I love You.".
Loonis McGlohon - Songbird.xml
Songbird, thank you for your lovely song! You've lighted all the corners of the day. But tell me how a tiny songbird learned so much of life and love and all the games we play? Songbird, thank you for your hymn to joy! I listened and you changed my life for me for in your song I see a world more beautiful, more gentleness in ev'ry face I see. Oh, who can ever count the lovely songs you've sung or know about the the many hearts you have made young? Songbird, thank you for you're lovely song, and if you ever have to fly away, I know that I'll remember ev'ry song you've sung, as well as I remember them today.
Marvin P. Daltin & Oliver Cooper 1943 - Looking For a City.xml
here a mong the sha dows in a lone ly land we're a band of pil grims on the move bur denend down with sor rows shunned on ev ery hand look ing for a ci ty built a bove look ing for a cit y where we'll nev er die There the saint ed mil lions nev er say good bye there we'll meet our Sav ior and our loved ones too come oh Ho ly Spir it all our homes re new Here in dis a point ment we so sad ly roam friends no long er speak a word of love we have found con tent ment pro mised us a home look ing for a ci ty built a bove look ing for a cit y where we'll nev er die There the saint ed mil lions nev er say good bye there we'll meet our Sav ior and our loved ones too come oh Ho ly Spir it all our homes re new in this land of dang ers go ing here and there trust ing in the Sav iour's bles sed love though we may be strang ers in the world of care look ing for a ci ty built a bove look ing for a cit y where we'll nev er die There the saint ed mil lions nev er say good bye there we'll meet our Sav ior and our loved ones too come oh Ho ly Spir it all our homes re new
Paul Dresser - My Gal Sal.xml
They call her frivolous Sal, A peculiar sort of a gal, With a heart that was mellow, an all 'round good fellow was my old pal. Your troubles sorrows and care, She was always willing to share. A wild sort of devil, but dead on the level, was my gal
Shelton Brooks - Some Of These Days.xml
Some of these days you'll miss me honey, some of these days, you'll feel so lonely. You'll miss my hugging, you'll miss my kisses. you'll miss me honey when you go away. I feel so lonely just for you only, for you know, honey, you've had your way. And when you leave me, I know 'twill grieve me, you'll miss your little baby; Yes some of these days. Some of these days.
Chuck Berry - Johnny B. Goode.xml
Deep downin Lou'siana, close to New Orleans. 'Way back up in the woods among the evergreens. There stood and old cabin made of earth and wood. Where lived a country boy named Johnny B. Goode. Who''d never ever learned to read or write so well, But he cold play a guitar just like aringin' a bell. Go! Go! Go! Johnny! Go! Go! Go! Johnny! Go! Go! Go! Johnny! Go! Go! Go! Johnny! Go! Go! Johnny B. Goode. He used to carry his guitar in a gunny sack. Go sit beneath the tree by the railroad track. Or engineerin, the train sittin' in the shade. Strummin' with the rhythm that the drivers made. The people passin' by, they would stop and say, Oh, my, but that little country boy could play His mother told him, Someday you will be a man, And you will be the leader of a big old band. Many people comin' from miles around. To hear you play your music till the sun goes down. Maybe someday your name'll be in lights. Asayin' Johnny B. Goode tonight!
Frank Miller, Shaun Glenville - If You're Irish, Come Into The Parlour.xml
In sweet Limrick Town they say   lived a chap named Pat rick John Molloy once he sailed to U. S. A. his luck in foreign parts he thought he'd try now he's made his name and is a wealthy man he put a bit away for a rainy day so if you gaze upon the house of Patrick John you'll say if your Irish come into the parlour theres a welcome there for you If your name is Timothy or Pat so long as you come from Ireland theres a welcome on the mat If you come from the mountains of Mourne or Killarneys lakes so blue we'll sing you a song and we'll make a fuss whoever you are you are one of us If youre Irish this is the place for you.
Jan Savitt, Johnny Watson, Harold Adamson - It's A Wonderful World.xml
It's a wonderful world I'm just walkin on air. Talk of heaven on earth, I've got more than my share. Haven't got a care, Happy all day thru. It's a wonderful world, loving wonderful you. loving wonderful you.
Otis Blackwood - Don't Be Cruel.xml
You know I can be found sitting home all alone If you can't come around at least, please telephone dont be cruel to a heart that's true I don't want no other love baby its just you I'm thinking of Don't stop thinking of me dont make me feel this way come on over here and love me you know what I want you to say dont be cruel to a heart that's true why should we be apart? I really love you baby cross my heart.
Barry Manilow, Bruce Sussman, Jack Feldman - Because It's Christmas.xml
Tonight the stars shine for the childdren and light the way for dreams to fly. Tonight our dreams come wrapped in ribbons. The world is right and hopes are high. And from a dark and frosted window a child appears to search the sky because it's Christmas because it's Chrismas. Tonight belongs to all the children, tonight their joy rings through the air. And so, we send our tender blessings to all the children ev'rywhere to see the smiles and hear the laughter a time to give, a time to share, because it's Christmas for now and forever for all of the children, and for the children in us. Tonight the stars shine for the childdren and light the way for dreams to fly. Tonight our dreams come wrapped in ribbons. The world is right and hopes are high. And from a dark and frosted window a child appears to search the sky because it's Christmas for now and forever for all of the children, and for the children in us all.
Johnny Reine, Johnny May - The Windsor Waltz.xml
Remember my darling the night that we met dancing the old Windsor Waltz I saw you I loved you I'll never regret dancing the old Windsor Waltz you you gave me your promise I gave you my heart like two other lovers we never will part tho time passes by we will never forget dancing the old Windsor Waltz Re Waltz High on a hill peaceful and still Windsor Castle stands home of our Queen Proud and serene watching o'er Englands fair land Re
Harry Warren, Mort Dixon, Joe Young - You're My Everything.xml
You're my ev'rything underneath the sun; you're my ev'rything rolled up into one. You're my only dream, my only real reali ty. You're my idea of a perfect personality. You're my ev'rything, ev'rything I need; You're the song I sing and the book I read. You're away beyond belief and just to make it brief, You're my winter, summer, spring, my ev'rything. You're my thing.
Sandro Taccani, Vincenzo Di Paolo, Buck Ram (English Lyrics) - Come Prima.xml
Come prima come prima, I'm in love. Come prima, come prima I found love. From the moment I saw you I was in rapture, Ev'ry moment after that I've lived in the clouds. Come pri ma, come prima, I can thrill, Come prima I love you and always will. You're the first one yes the first one, You're my one and only one. Come prima, come prima I'm in love. Come prima, come prima, I love you.
Vaughn Horton (1951),   - Mockingbird Hill.xml
When the sun in the morning peeps over the hill, and kisses the roses round my window sill, Then my heart fills with gladness when I hear the trill Of the birds in the treetops of Mockingbird Hill. Tralala, twiddly dee dee dee, it gives me a thrill, To wake up in the morning to the mockingbird's trill. Tralala, twiddly dee dee dee, there's peace and good will. You're welcome as the flowers on Mockingbird Hill.    Got a three corner'd plow and an acre to till, and a mule that I bought for a ten dollar bill, There's a tumbledown shack and a rusty old mill, But it's my Home Sweet Home up on Mockingbird Hill.  When it's late in the evening I climb up the hill, and survey all my kingdom while ev'rything's still. Only me and the sky, and an old whippoor will, But it's my Home Sweet Home up on Mockingbird Hill. Hill.
Gloria Shayne, Noel Regney - Do You Hear What I Hear.xml
Said the night wind to the little lamb, "Do you see what I see? Way up in the sky little lamb, do you see what I see? A star, a star, dancing in the night, with a tail as big as a kite, with a tail as big as a kite."
Ralph E. Hudson, Isaac Watts - At the Cross.xml
A    las, and did my Saviour bleed, And did my Sov'reign die? Would He devote that sacred head For such a worm as I? At the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light, And the burden on my heart rolled away, It was there, by faith, I received my sight And now I am happy all the day.
John Lennon, Paul McCartney - Love Me Do.xml
Love, love me do you know I love you I'll always be true, so please love me do whoa love me do whoa love me do.
Les Kettley - There's Something About You.xml
There's something about you, something about your smile, something about the way you walk, the way you dress with style, there's something about the way you talk, the way your hair shines in the sun, there's something about you, something about you, tells me you are the one. There's something about you, something about your eyes, something about the way we kiss, oh how I love your sighs, there's something about the way I feel, a feeling only you can give, there's something about you, something about you, tells me we are in love. There's something about me, you've seen something in me, is it the way I look at you, the way I hold you tight, I know there is no one else for me, for me it was love at first sight, that something about you, something about me, together we are so right. There's something about you makes me feel, I am there in your heart, when will you say you feel the same, listen to your heart, There's something about you makes me feel, I am there in your heart, when will you say you feel the same, you know we're lost apart..
Henry Mancini, Ray Evans, Jay Livingston - Dreamsville.xml
I'm in Dreamsville holding you; a dreamy view, just we two alone with love in Dreamsville, Time is new; We're here to love and we do. We can see the rest of the world below us from our pink cloud. There's no bound'ry to this magic land as we go exploring hand in hand in Dreamsy Dreamsville, far away, and here we love, here we'll stay.
Joni Mitchell - Both Sides Now.xml
Bows and flows of angel hair and icecream castles in the air, and feather canyons ev'rywhere I've looked at clouds that way but now they only block the sun, they rain and snow on ev'ryone so many things I would have done But clouds got in my way I've looked at clouds from both sides now, from up and down and still somehow it's cloud illusions I recall I reallydont know clouds at all. Moons and Junes and Ferris wheels, the dizzy dancing way you feel, as ev'ry fairy tale comes real I've looked at love that way but now its just another show you leave 'em laughing when you go and if you care dont let them know Dont give yourself away I've looked at love from both sides now from give and take and still somehow it's loves illusions I recall I real ly dont know love at
Johann Strauss Jr., Oscar Hammerstein II - One day when we were young .xml
One day when we were young that won der ful morn ing in May You told me you loved me when we were young one day sweet songs of spring were sung and music was never so gay you told me you loved me when we were young one day you told me you loved me and held me close to your heart we laughed then we cried then then came the time to part when songs of spring are sung remember that morning in May remember you loved me when we were young one day.
Jimmie Thomas - Rockin' Robin.xml
He rocks in the treetops all the day long hoppin and a hop pin and a singin his song All the little birds on Jay bird street love to hear the robin go Tweet tweet tweet rockin Robin rockin robin blow rockin robin cause we're reallygonna rock tonight. night A pretty little raven at the bird bandstand taught him now to do the bop and it was grand they started goin steady and bless my soul he outbopped the buzzard and the oriole He
Don Gardner - All I Want For Christmas Is My Two Front Teeth.xml
Ev'rybody stops and stares at me. These two teeth are gone as you can see. I don't know just who to blame for this catastrophe! But my one wish on Christmas Eve is as plain as it can be! All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth, my two front teeth, see my two front teeth! Gee, if I could only have my two front teeth, then I could wish you, "Merry Christmas." It seems so long since I could say, "Sister Susie sitting on a thistle!" Gosh oh gee, how happy I'd be, if I could only whistle All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth, my two front teeth, see my two front teeth. Gee, If I could only have my two front teeth, then I could wish you, "Merry Christmas!" I could wish you, "Merry Christmas!"
Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb - More Than A Woman.xml
Girl, I've known you very well. I've seen you growin' ev'ry day. I never really looked before, but now you take my breath away. Suddenly you're in my life, part of ev'ry thing I do, You got me working day and night just tryin' to keep a hold on you. Here in your arms I found my paradise, my only chance for happiness. And if I lose you now, I think I would die) Oh, say you'll always be my baby, We can make it shine We can take forever just a minute ata time. Oh, More than a woman, More than a woman to me, More than a woman. More than a woman to me, Oh.There are stories old and true of people so in love like you and me and I can see myself let history repeat itself. Reflecting how I feel for you, thinkin' 'bout those people then, I know that in a thousand years I'd fall in love with you again. This is the only way that we should fly, This is the only way to go. And if I lose your love, I know I would die)More than a wo man More than a woman to me.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - People will say we're in love.xml
Don't throw bouquets at me don't please my folks too much dont laugh at my jokes too much People will say we're in love! Dont sigh and gaze at me your sighs are so like mine your eyes mustnglow like mine people will say we're in love! Don't start collecting things give me my rose and my glove Sweetheart they're suspecting things, people will say we're in love. love.
Traditional - What child is this?.xml
What Child is this_ who laid to rest, on Ma's lap_ is sleeping? Whom an gels greet_ with anthems sweet, while shep herds watch are keeping, This, this_ is Christ the King, whom shep herds guard and an gels sing, This, this_ is Christ, the King, the Babe, the Son_ of Mary.
Clyde Otis, Brook Benton and Belford Hendricks - It's Just A Matter Of Time (Transcribed).xml
Some day, Someway, you'll realize that you've been blind. Yes darling, you're going to need me again. It's just a matter of time! Go On... Go On... until you reach the end of the line. Well I know you'll pass my way again. It's just a matter of time! After I gave you ev 'ry thing I had you laughed and called me a clown. Remember in your search for fortune and fame what goes up must come down. I know, I know that one day you'll wake up and find that my love was a true love. It's just a matter of time.
Henare Waitoa, Sam Freedman - Hoki Mai.xml
Sons of Aotearoa Now the day has been won, And each foeman has been driven from the field, Bring your banner to the fore, Let it wave, proudly wave, let this symbol of your courage stand revealed Then return, then return,to your home o'er the sea. With a prayer for peace and unity, Let your standard be unfurled, To the fore, to the fore as an emblem of eternal liberty. Sons of Mai, e tama ma, Ki ro ki to,roto, 'nga ringa e tuwhera a tu nei Kei te kapakapa mai te haki, te haki, I nga rangi runga Tiamana e Hoki mai, Hokiki te wa mai ki te nga Kia tutuki te tumanako Kei te ke pakapa mai te haki, te haki, I nga rangi runga Tiamanae. Hoki ty.
Eula Parker - The Village Of St. Bernadette.xml
I've travelled far the land and the sea, beautiful places I happened to be, One little town I'll never forget is Lourdes, the Village Of Saint Bernadette. Ave, Ave, Ave Maria, Ave, Ave, Ave Maria.
Arthur Schwartz, Howard Dietz - Dancing In The Dark.xml.1
Dancin in the dark till the tune ends, we're dancing in the dark and it soon ends; we're waltzing in the wonder of why we're here. Time hurries by, we're here and gone. Looking for the light of a new love to brighten up the night, I have you, love, and we can face the music together, Dancing in the dark.
Les Kettley - That Day.xml
In love ev'ry day, I pray ev'ry day, your love would be here to stay, but she came along and swept you away, my life fell apart that day.
Alfred Newman, Frank Loesser - The Moon Of Manakoora.xml
The moon of Manakoora filled the night with magic Polynesian charms The moon of Manakoora came in sight and brought you to my eager arms the moon of Manakoora soon will rise again above the island shore Then I'll behold it in your dusky eyes and you'll be in my arms once more. the more.
Victor Young, Harold Adamson - Around The World.xml
Around the world I searched for you, I traveled on when hope was gone to keep a rendezvous I knew somewhere, somtime, somehow you'd look at me and I would see the smile you're smiling now, It might have been in County Down or in New York in Gay Paree or even London Town, no more will I go all around the world for I have found my world in you.
Larry Shay, Joe Goodwin, Mark Fisher - Everywhere You Go.xml
Ev'rywhere You Go, sunshine follows you, Ev'ry where you go, skies are always blue. Children love you, they seem to know, you bring roses out of the snow. The whole world says "hello", Ev'rywhere you go.
Charles Tobias & Nat Simon - Little Curly Hair In A High Chair.xml
Little Curly Hair In A Highchair, what's your order for today. Little curly hair in a high chair, I'll do anything you say. When you're near the room seems to brighten, the sun comes streaming through your eyes. You're the reason they still keep writin' all those tender lullabies. Hm there you go, bangin' with your blocks, pullin' off your socks. Hmthere you go, tryin' to make your toes, touch your baby nose. Heaven's close to your chair and my chair, when you smile the way you do. Little curly hair in a high chair, my day begins and ends with you.
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Come Dance With Me.xml
Hey there cutes! Put on your cancing boots and come dance wit. me, Come dance with me. What an ev'ning for some terpsicore! Pretty face, I know a swinging place, come on, dance with me, Romance with me on a crowded floor. And while the rhythym pings, oh what lovely things I'll be saying. For what is dancing but making love set to music playing! When the band begins to leave the stand and folks start to roam, as we waltz home cheek to cheek we'll be. Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Hey there! Come on and dance with me!
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin and Gus Kahn - Liza (All the clouds'll roll away).xml
Liza Liza skies are grey But if you smile on me all the clouds will roll away Liza Liza don't delay Come keep me company and the clouds will roll away See the honey moon ashining down We could make a date with Parson Brown So Liza Liza name the day When you'll belong to me and the clouds will roll away.
John Rowles - Cheryl  Moana  Maree.xml
In a sleepy little town Where soft breezes blow, a lovely little Maori miss I used to know Someday I will find my way and I'll return from over the sea To where my island sweetheart waits for me Cheryl Moana Maree back home she's waiting for me Cheryl Mo ana Maree there on the shore she waits so patiently Cheryl Moana Maree Somedayour waiting will end Safe in my arms she will be My Cheryl Moana Maree
Duke Ellington, Bob Russell - Do Nothing Till You Hear From Me.xml
Do nothing 'till you hear from me. Pay no attention to what's said, why people tear the seam of anyones dream is over my head. Do nothing 'til you hear from me, at least consid er our romance; If you should take the word of others you've heard I have'nt a chance. True I've been seen with someone new, but does that mean that I'm untrue? When we're apart the words in my heart reveal how I feel about you. Some kiss may cloud my memory, and other arms may hold a thrill. But please do nothing 'till you hear it from me and you never will. Do nothing till you hear from ͜͜
Lou Handman, Roy Turk - Are You Lonesome To-night?.xml
Are you lonesome tonight do you miss me tonight are you sorry we drifted apart does your memory stray to a bright summer day when I kissed you and called you sweetheart do the chairs in your parlour seem empty and bare, do you gaze at your doorstep and picture me there Is your heart filled with pain shall I come back again tell me dear are you lonesome tonight?.
Peter Callander, Geoff Stephens - Daddy, Don't You Walk So fast.xml
The love between the two of us was dying and it got so bad I knew I had to leave But halfway down that highway when I turned around I saw my little daughter running after me cryin daddy don't you walk so fast Daddy don't you walk so fast Daddy slow down some cos your making me run daddy don't you walk so fast It If only for the sake of my sweet daughter I just had to turn back home right there and then and try to start a new life with the mother of my child I couldn't bear to hear those words again as she said Dady don't you walk so fast daddy don't you walk so fast daddy slow down some 'cos you're making me run Daddy don't you walk so fast won't you slow down some cos you're makin me run Daddy don't you walk so fast.
Duke Ellington, John LaTouche - Take Love Easy.xml
Take love easy, easy, easy, never let your feelings show. Make it breezy, breezy, breezy, easy come and easy go. Never smile too brightly, brightly, when your heart is riding high, let your heart break oh so slightly when your baby says goodbye. That well know flame is mighty hot as all of us have learned, so handle it with velvet gloves and your won't get your fingers burned. Take love easy, easy, easy on the free and easy plan, and if you can't take it easy, take it easy as you can!
Marguerite Monnot, English: Geoffrey Parsons, French: Edith Piaf - If You Love Me, Really Love Me.xml
If the sun should tumble from the sky, if the sea should suddenly run dry, if you love me, really love me, let it happen, I won't care. If it seems that evry thing is lost, I will smile and never count the cost. If you love me, really love me, let it happen, darling, I won't care. Shall I catch a shooting star? Shall I bring it where you are? If you want me to I will. You can set me any task, I'll do anything you ask if you'll only say you love me still. When at last our life on earth is through, I will share eternity with you. If you love me, really love me, then whatever happens, I won't care.
Dale Evans Rogers - Happy Trails to You.xml
Happy trails to you, until we meet again. Happy trails to you, Keep smilin' until then. Who cares about the clouds when we're together? Just sing a song and bring the sunny weather. Happy trails to you, 'til we meet again.
Robert Katscher, Buddy De Sylva - When Day Is Done.xml
When day is done and shadows fall, I dream of you; When day is done I think of all the joys we knew. That yearning re turning to hold you in my arms, Won't go love I know love, without you night has lost its charms! When day is done and grass is wet with twilight's dew, My lonely heart is sinking with the sun. Although I miss your tender kiss the whole day through, I miss you most of all when day is done!
James Cavanaugh, Larry Stock, Russ Morgan - You're Nobody 'Till Somebody Loves You.xml.1
y to You're nobody 'till somebody loves you, you're nobody 'till somebody cares. You may be king, you may possess the world and it's gold, but gold wont bring you happiness when you're growing old. The world still is the same, you'll never change it, as sure as the stars up above. You're nobody 'till somebody loves you, so find yourself somebody to love. You're love.
George W. Warren, Daniel C. Roberts - God of Our Fathers.xml
God   of our fathers whose almighty hand Leads forth in beauty all the starry band Of shining worlds in splendor thru' the skies, Our gateful songs before Thy throne arise.
Don Upton, Stan Zabka - Christmas Eve In My Home Town.xml
'Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring nor even a mouse! And there were carols in the square, laughter ev'rywhere, Couples kissing under the mistle toe; I can't help reminiscing Knowing I'll be missing, Christmas Eve in my hometown. Nothing can erase, the mem'ries I embrace, Those familiar footprints upon the snow. There's so much to remember, no wonder I remember Christmas Eve in my hometown. I'd like to be there trimming the tree there, and there's a chance I might be! I can hear singing, steeple bells ringing, Noel and Silent Night. Wisemen journyedfar, guided by a Star, But though I'm not a wiseman this I know; Though dreams and just pretending, I'm there and I'll be spending Christmas Eve in my hometown. And there were town.
Nelson, Touchstone - Just Because.xml
Just because you think you're so pretty Just because you think you're so hot Just because you think you've got somethingThat nobody else has got though you made me spend all my money you laughed and called me old Santa Claus but I'm telling you honey I'm leaving you be cause just because.Just because you think I'll be lonesome just because you think I'll be blue just because you think I'll be foolish To stay home and wait for you though you made me drop all my girlfriends you laughed and called me old Santa Claus but I'm telling you honey I'm through with you because just because.
Hal Aloma, Eddie White, Mack Wolfson - Puanani.xml
Puanani my beartiful flower of love Puanani youre all that my hearts dreaming of in the garden of ecstasy youre the rose of roses to me Puanani your fragrance is more than divine I found heaven the night that you said you were mine blessed by all the stars above Puanani my flower of love Pua love
George Williams, Bill Jackson and Roy Straigis - So Much In Love (Transcribed).xml
As we strolled along together holding hands walking all alone. So in love are we two that we don't know what to do, so in love in a world of our own. As we stroll by the sea together, under stars twinkling high above. So in love are we two no one else but me and you. So in love, so much in love. So in love, so much in love. We strolled along together, I tell you I need you oh so much. I love, love you my darling. Can you tell it in my touch? When we walk down the aisle together, we will vow to be together till we die. So much love have we two just can't wait to say "I Do". So in love are you and I. So in love are you and I. So in love are you and I. So in love, you and I.
John Williams, Leslie Bricusse - Somewhere In My Memory.xml
Candles in the window, shadows painting the ceiling, gazing at the fire glow, feeling that "gingerbread" feeling. Precious moments, special people, happy faces I can see. Somewhere in my mem'ry, Christmas joys all around me, living in my mem'ry, all of the music, all of the magic, all of the fam'ly home here with me. me.
James Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Love & Marriage.xml
Love and marriage, love and marriage, Go together like a horse and carriage, This I tell you brother, Ya can't have one without the other Love and marriage love and marriage, It's an institute you can't disparage, Ask the local gentry, And they will say it's ele
Mabel Wayne, Kim Gannon - A Dreamer's Holiday.xml
Climb aboard a butterfly and take off on a breeze, let your worries flutter by and do the things you please. In the land where dollar bills are falling off the trees on a dreamer's holi day. Ev'ry day for breakfast there's a dish of scrambled stars, and for lucheon you'll be munchin' rainbow candy bars. You'll be livin' a la mode on Jupiter and Mars on a dreamer's holi day. Make it a long vacation time there is plenty of. You need no resservation just bring along the one you love. Help yourself to happiness and sprinkle it with myrth Close your eyes and concentrate and dream for all your'e worth. You wil feel terrific when you get back down to earth from a dreamer's holiday!
Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh - Pass Me By.xml
I've got me ten fine toes to wiggle in the sand. Lots of idle fingers snap to my command. A lively pair of heels that kick to beat the band. Contem platin' nature can be fascinatin'. Add to these a nose that I can thumb, And a mouth by gum have I To tell the whole darn world if you don't happen to like it deal me out thank you kindly Pass Me By. Pass Me By Pass Me Byyy. If you don't happen to like it Pass Me By>
Ange Lorenzo, Raymond B. Egan, Jos. R. Alden, Richard A. Whiting - Sleepy Time Gal.xml
Sleepy time gal, you're turning night into day, Sleepy time gal, You've danced the ev'ning away, Before each silvery star Fades out of sight, Please give me one little kiss, Then let us whisper "Goodnight." It's gettin' late, and dear, your pillow's waitin'; Sleepy time gal, When all your dancin' is thru, Sleepy time gal, I'll find a cottage for you, You'll learn to cook and to sew, What's more you'll love it, I know, Whe you're a stayathome play at home, eightoclock, sleepy time gal. gal.
Roy C Bennet & Sid Tepper - Say Something Sweet To Your Sweetheart.xml
Say something sweet to your sweetheart, Tell her how much you care. Say something sentimental it won't cost a thing. You'll find what happiness a gentle word can bring. You can't hide those love words inside you. And still keep the one you adore. So say some thing sweet to your sweetheart and you'll be sweethearts for ever more.
John Denver - Perhaps Love.xml
Perhaps love is like a resting place A shelter from the storm it exists to give you comfort it is there to keep you warm and in those times of trouble when you are most alone the memory of love will bring you home. Perhaps love is like a window perhaps an open door it invites you to come closer it want to show you more and even if you lose yourselfand dont know what to do the memory of love will see you through oh love to some is like a cloud to some as strong as steel for some a way of living for some a way to feel and some say love is holding on and some say letting go and some say love is evrything and some say they dont know Perhaps love is like the ocean fullof conflict full of change like a fire when its cold outside or thunder when it rains if I should live forever and all my dreams come true my Memorioes of love will be of you.
George Motola and John Marascalco - Goodnight My Love.xml
Goodnight my love, pleasant dreams and sleep tight my love. May tomorrow be sunny and bright and bring you closer to me. Before you go there's just one thing I'd like to know. Is your love still warm for me or has it grown cold? If you should awake in the still of night please have no fear. For I'll be there. You know I care. Please give your love to me dear only. Goodnight my love, pleasant dreams, sleep tight my love. May tomorrow be sunny and bright and bring you closer to me. If you should awake in the still of night please have nooo fear. For I'll be there. you know I care. Please give your love to me dear only. Goodnight my love, pleasant dreams and sleep tight my love. May tomorrow be sunny and bright and bring you closer to me. GOODNIGHT!
Saul Chaplin, Sammy Cahn - Please Be Kind.xml
This is my first affair, so please be kind. Handle my heart with care, oh, please be kind. This is all so grand, my dreams are on parade. If you'll just understand, they'll never never fade. So tell me your love's sincere, oh, please be kind. Tell me I needn't fear oh, please be kind. 'Cause if you leave me, dear, I know my heart will lose its mind. If you love me, please be kind.
Lewis Harris, Harold Barlow - The Things I Love.xml
The glow of sunset in the summer skies, The golden flicker of the fireflies, The gleam of lovelight in your lovely eyes, These are the things I love. A silver moonbeam peeking thru the trees, A bed of tulips nodding in the breeze, The look you give in answer to my pleas These are the things I love. Oh! once I thought that life was just a winter thing my heart was cold; And then you came to me, and like a breath of sping You turned the silver snow to gold. A robbin's serenade when day is through, The babbling brook beside our renddezvous, Your sweet voice whisp'ring "Darling, I love you." These are the things I love. love.
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - I,Yi,Yi,Yi,Yi, (Like You Very Much).xml
I, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi, I like you very much.I, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi, I think you're grand, why, why, why is it that when I feel your touch, my heart starts to beat, to beat the band. I, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi, like you to hold me tight, you are too, too, too, too, too divine, if you want to be in someone's arms tonight, just be sure the arms you're in are mine.Oh, I like Your lips and I like your eyes, would you like my hips to hipsnotise you. Si, si, si, si, si, si, see the moon above, way, way, way, way, way up in the blue. Si, si, si, senor I think I fall in love, and when I fall, I think I fall for you. I, yi, yi, yi, si, si, si, si, I, yi, yi, yi can see, see, see that you're for me.
Barry Mann, Cynthia Weil - Here You Come Again.xml
Here you come a gain just when I've begun to get my self together you waltz right in the door just like you've done before and wrap my heart round you little fingerHere you come again just when I'm about to make it work without you you look into my eyes and lie those pretty lies and prety soon I'm wondring how I came to doubt you all you gotta do is smile that smile and there go all my defenses Just leave it up to you and in a little while you're messin up my mind and fillin up my senses Here you come again looking better than a body has a right to and shakin me up so that all I really know is here you come again and here I go
Jud Strunk - A Daisy A Day.xml.3
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Benny Davis, Joe Burke - Carolina Moon.xml
Carolina moon keep shining shining on the one who waits for me Carolina moon I'm pining pining for the place I long to be How I'm hoping tonight youll go go to the right win dow scatter your light say I'm alright please do Tell her that I'm blue and lonely dreamy Carolina moon.
Becky Davis, Geron Davis - In The Presence of Jehovah.xml
In and out of sit u a tions that tug of war at me all day long I stru g gle for an swers that I need but then I come in to His pres ence and all my ques tions be come clear and for a sac red mo ment no doubts can in ter fere in the pres ence of Je hov ah God al migh ty Prince of Peace trou bles van ish hearts are men ded in the pres ence of the King Through His love the Lord pro vi ded a place for us to rest a place to find the an swer in hours of dis tress now ther is nev er any rea son for you to give up in des pair just looka way and breath His Name He will come and meet you there in the pres ence of Je hov ah God al migh ty Prince of Peace trou bles van ish hearts are men ded in the pres ence of the pres ence of Je hov ah God al migh ty Prince of Peace trou bles van ish hearts are men ded in the pres ence of the King in the pres ence of the King
Chas. Graham - Two Little Girls In Blue (1893).xml
An old man gazed at a photograph in a locklocket he'd worn for years. His nephew then asked him the reason why this locket had caused him tears. "Come listen," he said, "and I'll tell you, lad, a story that's strange but true; Your father and I at the school one day met two little girls in blue." Two little girls in blue, lad, Two little girls in blue, They were sisters, we were broters, and learned to love the two, And one little girl in blue, lad, Who won your father's heart, Became your mother, I married the other, but we have drifted apart The picture is one of these girls, he said, and to me she once was a wife. I thought her unfaithful: we quarrelled, lad, and parted that night for life. My fancy of jealousy wronged a heart, a heart that was good and true, For two better girls never lived than they, those two little girls in blue.
Louis Lambert - When Johnny Comes Marching Home Again.xml
When Johnny comes marching home again hurrah hurrah we'll give hime a hearty welcome then Hurrah hurrah the men will cheer the boys will shout the ladies they will all turn out and we'll all feel gay when Johnny comes marching home the old church bell will peal with joy hurrah hurrah to welcome home our darling boy hurrah hurrah the village lads and lassies say with roses they will strew the way and we'll all feel gay when Johnny comes marching home,
The Killers - MR. BRIGHTSIDE .xml
Com ing out of my cage and I've been do in' just fine Got ta, Got ta be down be cause I want it all. It start ed out with a kiss How did it end up like this? It was on ly a kiss It was on ly a kiss Now I'm fall ing a sleep and she's call ing a cab While he's hav ing a smoke and she's tak ing a drag Now they're go ing to bed and my stom ach is sick And its all in my head but she's touch ing his Chest now he takes off her dress now LET ME GO And I just can't look its kil ling me and tak ing con trol. JEAL OU SY turn ing saints in to the sea Swim ming thru sick lul la bies chok ing on your al ib bies but its just the price I pay Dest in y is call ing me Op en up my eag er eyes cause I'm Mist er Bright side NEV ER NEV ER
Captain and Tennille - Do That To Me One More Time.xml
Do that to me one more time once is never enough with a man like you Do that to me one more time I can never get enough of a man like you Woah Kiss me like you just did oh ba by do that to me once a gain Pacify me one more time once just isnt enough for my heart to hear Woah tell it to me one more time I can never hear enough while i gotcha near Woan Say those words a gain like you just did oh ba by tell it to me once a gain Do that to me one more time once is never enough with a man like you Whoh Do that to me one more time I can never get enough of a man like you Woah Kiss me like you just did oh ba by do that to me once a gain Whoa baby Do that to me once again Whoah baby do that to me one more time. One more time. One more time.
Kevin Cavanaugh, Fran Hartshorn - FASHIONS FOR SPRING.xml
You say you've got nothing to wear with Spring right a round the corner and you won't cat a logue shop or Chi ca go "bus hop" months a head be fore the weath er gets warm er DON'T TAKE Mac Call's ad vice  what you've got is nice and pleas ing to the eye. So come with me Come with me and you'll find: This year LOVE'S IN FASH ION FOR SPRING from the run way to the mall You'll look your Sun day Best if you remain un dressed thru Sum mer Win ter and Fall This year LOVE'S IN FASH ION FOR SPRING No "Mar tin iz ing" need ed if you you Fol low me I'll change your sense of style with a look that's made for you A love 'tail or made" for you New Styles they will come and they go then stay in the clo set for some day DON'T waste your time OR spend a noth er dime you don't ev en need to watch "PROJ ECT RUN WAY"  You've got op tions let me help you de cide! CHORUS:
Jimmy McHugh, Harold Adamson - A Lovely Way To Spend An Evening.xml
This is a lovely way to spend an eve ning. Can't think of anything I'd rather do. This is a lovely way to spend an evening. Can't think of anyone as lovely as you. A casual stroll thru a garden, a kiss by a lazy lagoon, catching a breath of moonlight humming our fav'rite tune. This is a lovely way to spend an evening. I want to save all my nights and spend them with you.
Robert Stolz, Joe Young(Eng.) - Don't Ask Me Why.xml
Don't ask me why I'm leaving, Don't Ask Me Why, don't ask me why I'm grieving, don't ask me why. I only want to tell you I'll miss you so, and love you forever, forget you, never. Tho' you may hear me sighing, don't ask me why, just keep the moments flying, till bye and bye. Then we will start a new love, you'll whisper you're a true love and no more you'll be asking me why.
Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed - Singing In The Rain.xml
I'm singing in the rain, Just singing in the rain. What a glorious feeling I'm happy again, I'm laughing at clouds So dark up above, The sun's in my heart And I'm ready for love. Let the stormy clouds chase Ev'ryone from the place, Come on with the rain, I've a smile on my face. I'll walk down the lane With a happy refrain, And singin' just singin' in the rain.
Dallas Frazier - Elvira.xml
Elvira Elvira my hearts on fire for Elvira Eyes that look like heaven lips like cherry wine That girl can sho nuff make my little light shine I get a funny feeling up and down my spine cause I know that my Elviras mine I'm singin Elvira Elviramy hearts on fire for Elvira giddyup a oom pa pa oom pa pa mow mow giddyup a oom papa oom papa mow mow Hiyo Silver away to El
Carl Sigman, Herb Magidson - Enjoy Yourself.xml
You work and work for years and years, You're always on the go, You never take a minute off, too busy making dough. Some day you'll say you'll have your fun when you're a millionaire, Imafine all the fun you'll have in your old rocking chair. Enjoy yourself, it's later than you think; Enjoy yourself, while your still in the pink. The years go by as qiuickly as a wink, Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, it's later than you think.  You're     gonna take that ocean trip, No matter come what may, You've got your reservations but, you just can't get away. Next year for sure you'll see the world you'll really get around, But how far can you travel when your six feet under ground. En later than you think.
Theo Mackeben, Ian Grant, Hans Fritz Beckmann - So Do I.xml
You like music that swings so do I you like flow'rs in the Spring so do I and you like to run around with your feet way off the ground and to feel love is real so do I you like jazz more than Liszt so do I and you like to be kissed so do I so it must be plain to see that you've got to marry me then as you say I do so do I you know love so do I
Donald Kahn, Stanley Styne - A Beautiful Friendship.xml
This is the end of a beautiful friendship, it ended a moment ago This is the end of a beautiful friendship, I know for your eyes told me so. We were always like sister and brother, Until tonight when we looked at each other That was the end of a beautiful friendship, And Just the beginning of love. love.
Miles Davis, Jon Hendricks - Four.xml
Of the wonderful things that you get out of life there are four. And they may not be many, but nobody needs any more. Of the many facts making the list of life, truth takes the lead. And to relax knowing the gist of life, it's truth you need Then the second is honor and happiness makes number three. When you put them together you'll know what the last one must be. Baby, so the truth, honor and happiness and one thing more, meaning only wonderful, wonderful love that'll make it four. (Of the won)
Rick Founds - Lord, I Lift Your Name On High.xml
Lord I lift your name on Lord I love to sing your praises I'm so glad you're in my life I'm so glad you came to save us You came from heaven to earth to show the way from the earth to the cross my debt to pay From the crossto the grave from the grave to the sky Lord I lift your name on high
Victor Young, Edward Heyman - Love Letters.xml
Love letters straight from the heart Keep us so near while apart. I'm not alone in the night When I can have all the love you write. I memorize evry line. I kiss the name that you sign. And, Darling then I read again right from the start. Love Letters straight from your heart.
Leo Wood - Somebody Stole My Gal.xml
Gee, but I'm lonesome, lone someand blue I've found out something I never knew I know now what it means to be sad For I've lost the best gal I ever had; She only left yesterday Somebody stole her away. Somebody stole my gal Somebody stole my pal. Somebody came and took her away she didn't even say she was leavin' The kisses I loved so He's getting now I know And Gee I know that she would come to me if she could see her broken hearted lonesome pal. Somebody stole my gal.
Carmen Lombardo, John Jacob Loeb - Get Out Those Old Records.xml
Get out those old records, Those old phonograph records, The ones we used to play so long ago. What if they sound scratchy, The tunes really were catchy, And specially those that said, "I love you so." I used to beg you over and over, Just to set the wedding day, To get you "courtable," I'd bring my portable, And melt you heart away, With all those old records, Those old phonograph records, The ones we used to play so long ago.
Tom Springfield - I'll Never Find Another You.xml
Theres a new world somewhere they call the promised land and I'll be there some day If you will hold my hand I still need you there beside me no matter what to do for I know I'll never find another you There is always some one for each of us they say and You will be my some one for ever and a day I will search the whole world over until my life is through but I know I'll never find an oth er you Its a long long journey so stay by my side when I walk through the storm you"ll be my guide  if they gave me a fortune my treasures would be small I could lose it all tomorrow and never mind at all but if I should lose your love dear I dont know what I'll do for I know I'll never find another you. but if I should lose your love dear I dont know what I"ll do for I know I'll never find anoth er you.
Rodolfo Falvo, Enzo Fusco - Just Say I Love Her (Dicitencello vuie).xml
Just say I love her, I've loved her from the start and tell her how I'm yearning to say what's in my heart. Just say I need her as roses need the rain and tell her that without her my dreams are all in vain. If you should chance to meet her anytime, any place, anywhere, I was a fool to leave her. Tell her how much a fool can care. And if she tells you she's lonely now and then, won't you just say I love her and want her back again. If you should chance to meet her anytime, any place anywhere, I was a fool to leave her, tell her how much a fool can care. And if she tells you she's lonely now and then won't you just say I love her and want her back again. Won't you just say I love her and want her back again.
Michel LeGrand, Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman - What Are You Doing The Rest Of Your Life.xml
What are you doing the rest of your life? North and south and east and west of your life? I have only one request of your life: that you spend it all with me: All the sea sons and the times of your days. All the nickles and the dimes of your days. Let the reasons and the rhymes of your days all begin and end with me. I want to see your face in ev'ry kind of light. In fields of dawn and forests of the night. And when you stand before the candles on a cake, Oh, let me be the one to hear the silent wish you make! Those tomorrows waiting deep in your eyes, in the world of love you keep in your eyes, I'll awaken what's asleep in your eyes. It may take a kiss or two! Thru' all of my life, summer, winter, spring, and fall of your life, All I ever will recall of my life is all of my life with you! What are you doing the you!
Gary A. Paxton - He Was There All the Time.xml
time af ter time I was search ing for peace in some void I was try ing to blame all my life on the world I was in sur face re la tion ships used me till I was done in and all the while some one was beg ging to free me from sin he was there all the time he was there all the time wait ing pa tient ly in line he was there all the time ne ver a gain will I seek for a fake rain bow's end now that I have the an swer my life is start ing to rhyme shar ing each day with Him is a cup of fresh life Oh what I missed he was wait ing right there all the time he was there all the time he was there all the time wait ing pa tient ly in line He was there all the time
Andre Previn, Dory Langdon - A Second Chance.xml
Can't I have a second chance? I won't ask for anymore. Can't you give a second chance? When you've had three or four Perhaps you couldn't tell it was love, Well, it was love with me, But now it's turnabout, I'm out, Does it have to be? Can't I have a second chance? It's so little to demand, Won't you take a second glance, then you might understand, You're more than just an end of the road, Friend of the road with me. You're my first, my one ro mance, Can't I have a second chance?
Dave Luther - Auntie Alice.xml
In the little church on the village green I vowed my life away, Followed by a little gathering for those who wished to stay. Everyone who came brought us something good too build our happy home, But a certain something caught my eye as it stood out on its own. Auntie Alice bought us this Auntie Alice bought us this: not too late not too soon, press it in the middle it will play a tune Auntie Alice bought us this Auntie Alice bought us this, We got a clock from Uncle Wilburforce but Auntie Alice bought us this. When the vicar stood up for his speech there was not one eye on him, everyone was waiting anxiously for Auntie to come in. And my pretty wife who was full of strife, shee said it isntfair That the wedding day was runner up too that that thing over there.
Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II - You Are Beautiful.xml
You are beautiful, small and shy. You are the girl whose eyes met mine. Just as your boat sailed by. This I know of you, nothing more. You are the girl whose eyes met mine, Passing the river shore. You are the girl whose laugh I heard. Silver and soft and bright: Soft as the fall of Lotus leaves, Brushin' the air of night. While your flower boat sailed away. Gently your eyes looked back on mine, clearlly you heardf me say: "You are the girl I will love someday."
Richard Whiting, Leo Robin, Sam Coslow - True Blue Lou.xml
She was a dame in love with a guy, she stuck to him but didn't know why. Ev'ryone blamed her, still they all named her, True Blue Lou. He gave her nothing, she gave him all, but when he had his back to the wall, who fought to save him, smiled and forgave him? True Blue Lou. He got a break and went away, to get a new start, but, poor kid, she never got a break, except the one way down in her heart. Maybe somewhere in heaven above, there's a reward for that kine of love. Angels wont blame her, they too will name her True Blue Lou
Charles Fox, Norman Gimbel - Happy Days.xml
Sunday Monday happy days Tuesday Wednesday happy days Thursday Friday happy days Saturday what a day rockin all week with you this day is ours won't you be mine this day is ours oh please be mine Hello sun shine goodby rain, she's wearin my school ring on a chain she's my steady I'm her man I'm gonna love her all I can These happy days are yours and mine these happy days are yours and mine these happy days.
Pietro A. Yon, Frederick H. Martens - Gesu Bambino.xml
When blossoms flowered 'mid the snows upon a winter night was born the Child, the Christmas Rose, the King of love and light. The angels sang, the shepherds sang, the grateful earth rejoiced, and at His blessed birth the stars their exultation voiced: O come let us adore Him, oh come let us adore Him oh come let us adore Him Christ the Lord. Again the heart wit rap ture glows to greet the Holy Night that gave the world it's Christmas Rose, the King of love and light. Let ev'ry voice acclaim His Name, the grateful chorus swell. From Paradise to earth He came, that we with him might dwell: Lord.
Henry Mancini, Johnny Mercer - Moon River.xml
Moon River, wider than a mile, I'm crossing you in style some day. Oh, dream maker, you heart breaker, wherever you're going I'm going your way. Two drifters off to see the world. There's such a lot of world to see. We're after the same rainbow's end waiting 'round the bend, my huckleberry friend, Moon River and me.
George W. Duning, Steve Allen - Picnic.xml
On a picnic morning, without a warning, I looked at you and somehow I knew. On a day for singing, my heart went winging, a picnic grove was our rendezvous. You and I in the sunshine, we strolled the fields and farms; at the last light of evening I held you in my arms. Now when days grow stormy, and lonely for me I just recall picnic time with you. On a you.
Andrew Lloyd Webber, Charles Hart, Richard Stilgoe - Wishing You Were Somehow Here Again.xml
You were once my one companion, you were all that mattered. You were once a friend and father, then my world was shattered. Wishing you were somehow here again, wishing you were somehow near; sometimes it seemed if I just dreamed, somehow you would be here. Wishing I could hear your voice again, knowing that I never would, dreaming of you won't help me to do all that you dreamed I could. Passing bells and sculpted angels, cold and monumental, seem for you the wrong companions; you were warm and gentle. Too many years fighting back tears, why can't the past just die? Wishing you were somehow here again, knowing we must say goodbye. Try to forgive, teach me to live, give me the strength to try. No more memories, no more silent tears, no more gazing across the wasted years. Help me say goodbye!
Daniel Iverson 1926, Daniel Iverson - Spirit of the Living God.xml
Spir it of the liv ing God fall fresh on me Spir it of the liv ing God fall fresh on me melt me mold me fill me use me Spir it of the liv ing God fall fresh on me me fall fresh on me
Jule Styne, Betty Comden, Adolph Green - The Party's Over.xml
The party's over, It's time to call it a day. They've burst your pretty balloon and taken the moon away. It's time to wind up the masquerade Just make your mind up The piper must be paid. The party's over, The candles flicker and dim You danced and dreamed thru the night, It seemed top be right, Just being with him. Now you must wake up, All dreams must end. Take off your makeup, the party's over It's all over, my friend. The party's friend.
Huddie Ledbetter - Cotton Fields.xml
When I was a little bitty baby Mother rocked me in the cradle In them old cotton fields at home When I was a little bitty baby mother rocked me in the cradle in them old cotton fields at home oh when them cotton bolls got rotten you couldn't pick very much cotton in them old cotton fields at home It was down in Lousiana just a mile from Texarkana and them old cotton fields at home I was home in Arkansas people ask me what you come here for I was home in Arkansas people as me what you come here for home.
Joe Lubin - Teacher's Pet.xml
Teacher's Pet I wanna be Teacher's Pet I wanna be huddled and cuddled as close to you as I can get. Teacher's pride I wanna be Teacher's pride I wanna be dated and rated, the one most likely at your side I wanna learn all your lips can teach me One kiss will do at the start. I'm sure with a little homework I'll graduate to your heart. Teacher's Pet I wanna be Teacher's Pet I wanna take home a diploma and show Ma that you love me too. So I can be Teacher's Pet long after school is through.
Mick Jones - I Want To Know What Love Is.xml
I  got ta take a little time, a  little time  to  think  things over. I  better  read  be tween the  lines, in  case  I  need  it  when  I'm older. uh...  OOOh  OOh  OOOh... Now  this  mountain I must  climb, feels  like  the  world  u pon my  shoulders. Through  the  clouds  I  see  love shine, it  keeps  me  warm  as  life  grows  colder. In  my  life  there's  been  heartache  and  pain; I  don't  know  if  I  can  face  it  again. Can't stop  now,  I've  travelled so far, to change  this  lonely  life I  want  to  know  what  love  is, I  want  you  to  show  me. I  want  to  feel  what  love  is, I  know  you  can  show  me. I'm  gonna take a little time, a  little time  to  look around  me. I've  got  nowhere  left  to  hide, it  looks  like  love has fi nally  found meIn  my  life  there's  been  heartache  and  pain I  don't  know  if  I  can  face it again; Can't stop  now,  I've  travelled so far, to change  this  lonely  life. I  want  to  know  what  love  is, I  want  you  to  show  me. I  want  to  feel  what  love  is, I  know  you  can  show  me. I  want  to  know  what  love  is, I  want  you  to  show  me. I  want  to  feel  what  love  is, I  know  you  can  show  me. I  want  to  know /what  love  is, I  want  you to  show  me. I  want  to  feel what  love  is, I  know  you  can  show  me. I  want  to  know what  love  is, I  know  you  can  show  me. I  want  to  feel what  love  is, I  know you  can  show  me. I  want  to  know  what  love  is, I  want  you  to  show  me.
Chris Daughtry - Home.xml
I'm starin' out in tothe nighttrying to hide the pain. I'm goin' to the placewhereloveand feelin good don't ever cost a thing and the pain you feels a diff'rent kind of pain. Well, I'm goin' home,back to the place where Ibelongand where you love has always been enough for me.I'm not runnin' fromno I think you got meallwrong. I don't regret this lifeI chose for me.But these places and these faces are gettingold,so I'm goin' home. Well, I'm goin' home. The miles are getting longer it seems,the closer I get to you.I've not always beenthe best manor friendfor youbut you love re mains trueand Idon't knowwhy. You always seem to give me anothertry.old.Be careful what you wish for'cause you just might get it allYou just mightget it alland then some you don't want.Be careful what you wish for'cause you just mightget it all.You just mightget it all,yeah. Ohwell, I'm goin' home,back to the placewhere Ibelongand where your love has always been enough for me.I'm not runnin' from,no, I think you got me allwrong.I don't regret this lifeI chose for me.But these places and these faces are gettingold.I said, these places and these facesare gettingoldso I'm goin'home.I'm goin home.
Paul Simon - Feelin' Groovy.xml
Slow down you move too fast You got to make the morning last Just kickin down the cobble stones lookin for fun and feelin groovy Hello lamppost what cha knowin I've come to watch your flowers growin aintcha got no rhymes for me dootin doodoo feelin groovy Got no deeds to do no promises to keep I'm dappled and drowsy and ready to sleep let the morning time drop all its petals on me Life I love you all is groovy.
Billy Uhr, Frank Capano - Tears (For Souvenirs).xml
Tears for souvenirs are all you left me, mem'ries of a love you never meant, I just can't believe you could forget me, after all the happy hours we spent, together. Tears have been my only consolation, but tears can't mend a broken heart, I must confess. Let's forgive and forget, turn our tears of regret, once more to tears of happiness.
Burt Bacharach, Hal David - I Say A Little Prayer.xml
The moment I wake up Before I put on my make up I say a little prayer for you While combing my head now And wondering what dress to wear, now, I say a little prayer for you Forever, forever, you'll stay in my heart and I will love you Forever and ever, we never will part Oh, I will love you Together, Together, that's how it must be To live without you Would only be heartbreak for me I ran for the bus dear While riding I think of us dear I say a little prayer for you At work I just take time And all through my coffee Breaktime I say a little prayer for you Darling believe me, For me there is no one but you Please, love me too I'm in love with you Please, love me too I'm in love with you
REM - Everybody Hurts continued.xml
When the day is long and the night the night is yours alone, when you're sure you've had enough of this life, well hang on Don't let yourself go everybody cries and everybody hurts sometimes Sometimes everythingis wrong Now it's time to sing along. When your day is night alone, if you feel like letting go when you think you've had too much of this life well, hang on 'cause every body hurts some times, Take com fort in your friends Everybody hurts Don't throw your hand Oh no Don't throw your hand If you feel like you're alone No no no you are not alone hurts If you're on your own in this life, the days and nights are long when you think you've had too much of this life to hang on Well, evetybody hurts some times every body cries and everybody
Harry Warren, Mack Gordon - You'll Never Know.xml.1
You'll never know just how much I miss you You'll never know just how much I care and if I tried I still couldnt hide my love for you you ought to know for havent I told you so a mil lion or more times You went away and my heart went with you I speak your name in my evry prayer if there is some other way to prove that I love you I swear I dont know how You'll never know if you dont know now. you said goodbye now stars in the sky refuse to shine take it from me it's no fun to be a lone with moonlight and mem''ries now.
Jud Strunk - A Daisy A Day.xml.4
He remembers the first time he met her. He remembers the first thing she said. He remembers the first time he held her and the night that she came to his bed. he remem bers her sweet way of saying Honey has something gone wrong. He remembers the fun and the teasing and the reason he wrote her this song. I'll give you a daisy a day dear I'll give you a daisy a day. I'll love you until the river's run still and the four winds we know blow away
Jimmy Van Heusen, Sammy Cahn - Love and Marriage.xml
Love and marriage, love and marriage, Go together like a horse and carriage. This I tell ya, brother: You can't have one without the other. Love and marriage, love and marriage, It's an institute you can't disparage. Ask the local gentry, and they will say it's element'ry! Try, try, try to separate them: It's an illusion. Try, try, try and you only come to this conclusion: Love and marriage, love and marriage, Go together like a horse and carriage. Dad was told by mother: You can't have one (you can't have none) You can't have one without the o ther!
Johnny Mercer - G. I. Jive.xml
This is the G. I. jive, man alive It starts with the bugler blowin' reveille over your bed when you arrive. Jack, that's the G. I. Jive, Rootleteetoot! Jump in your suit, make a salute, Voot! After you wash and dress, more or less, You go get your breakfast in a beautiful little cafe' they call the mess. Jack, when you convalesce, Out of your seat, into the street, make with the feet, Reet! If you're a P. V. T. your duty is to salute the LIEUT, But if you brush the LIEUT, The M. P. makes you K. P. on the Q. T. This is the G. I. Jive, man alive, They give you a private tank, that features a little device called fluid drive. Jack, after you revive Chunk all your junk, back in the trunk, Fall on your bunk. Clunkl
Frank Churchill, Larry Morey - Little April Shower.xml
Drip, drip, drop little April shower, beating a tune as you fall all around. Drip, drip, drop little April shower, what can compare with your beautiful sound. Drip, drip, drop when the sky is cloudy, your pretty music can brighten the day. Drip, drip, drop when the sun says "Howdy," you say "Goodbye" right away. Drip, drip, drop little April shower, beating a tune ev'rywhere that you fall. Drip, drip, drop little April shower, I'm getting wet and I do't care at all. Drip! Drop! Drip! Drip! I'll never be afraid of a good little gay little April serenade.
Roger Whittaker - New World in the morning.xml
Ev''ry bo dy talks about a new world in the morning new world in the morning so they saaaay, I myself dont talk about a new world in the morning New world in the morning thats to day, And I can feel a new tomorrow comingon and I don't know why I have to make a sooong,Ev'ry body talks about a new world in the morning New world in the morning takes too long.
R. Kelly - I Believe I can Fly.xml
i USED TO THINK THAT I could not go on, and life was nothing but an awful song now I know the meaning of true love. I'm leaning on the ever lasting arms. If I can see it, then I can do it if I just believe it, there's notthing to it I believe I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky I think about it every night and day spread my wings and fly away I believe I can soar I see me running though that open door I believe I can fly I believe I can fly I believe I can fly See fly. oh I believe, I can fly Hey, 'cause I believe in me oh If I can see it, then I can do it, if I just believe there's nothing to it, I believe I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky I think about it every night and day spread my wings and fly away I believe I can soar I see me running though that open door. I believe I can fly I believe I can fly I believe I can fly hey, if I just spread my wings I can fly I can fly I can fly hey if I just spread my wings I can fly
Johnny Richards, Carolyn Leigh - Young at Heart.xml
Fairy tales can come true, it can happento you if you're young at heart. For it's hard, you will find, to be narrow of mind if you're young at heart. You can go to extremes with impossible schemes, you can laugh when your dreams fall apart at the seams and life gets more exciting with each passing day, and love is eith er in your heart or on the way. Don't you know that it's worth ev'ry treasure on earth to be young at heart. For as rich as you are, it's much better by far to be young at heart. And if you should survive to a hundred and five look at all you'll derive out of being alive, and here is the best part, you have a head start if you are a mong the very young at heart.
Bon Jovi - Wanted Dead or Alive.xml
It's all the same,only the names will change,ev'ry day,it seems we're wasting away. Another place, where the faces are so cold. I'd drive all night,just to get backhome. I'm a cowboy, on a steelhorse. I ride. I'm wanted, dead or alive. Wanted, dead or alive.Some times I sleep,sometimes it's not for days.The people I meet always go their sep'rate ways. Sometimes you tell the dayby the bottle that you drink. And times when you're alone,all you do is think. I'm a cowboy, on a steelhorse. I ride. I'm wanted, (wanted,)dead or alive. Wanted, (wanted,)dead or alive.I'm a cowboy, on a steelhorse. I ride. I'm wanted, (wanted,)dead or aliveand I walk these streets, a loaded sixstring on my back. I play for keeps, 'cause I might not make it back.I been ev'rywhere,still I'm standing tall.I've seen a million faces and I've rocked them all,'cause I'm a cowboy, on a steelhorse I ride. I'm wanted, (wanted,)dead or a live. 'Cause I'm a cowboy. I got the night on my side.I'm wanted, (wanted,)dead or alive, (dead or alive,)dead or alive,dead or alive. I still ride,(I still ride,)dead or alive, dead or alive,dead or alive, dead or alive,dead or alive.
Paul Whiteman & Ferde Grofe, Theodora Morse - Wonderful One.xml
My wonderful one, When ever I'm Dreaming, Love's lovelight agleaming, I see, My wonderful one, how my arms ache to hold dear, To cuddle and fold near to me. Just you, only you, in the shadowy twilight, In silvery moonlight there's none like you, I adore you, my life I live for you, My wonderful, wonderful one.
Max Martin, Andreas Carlsson - I Want it That Way.xml
You are my fire, the one desire. Believe when I say I want it that way. But we are two worlds apart. Can't reach to your heart when you say I want it that way Tell me why Ain't nothin' but a heartache Tell me why. Ain't nothin' but a mistake Tell me why I never wanna hear you say I want it that way Am I your fire your one desire? Yes. I know it's too late, but I want it
Jimmy McHugh - Let's Get Lost.xml
The party's rather dull, isn't it? We'd love to steal away, wouldn't we? So let's not even ask should we, or shouldn't we? Lets get lost, lost in each other's arms. Let's get lost, let them send out alarms. And though they'll think us rather rude, let's tell the world we're in that crazy mood. Let's defrost, in a romantic mist, let's get crossed off ev'rybody's list. To celebrate this night we found each other, mm, let's get lost. lost.
Jules Styne, Sammy Cahn - The Things We Did Last Summer.xml
The boat rides we would take, the moonlight on the lake, the way we danced and hummed our fav'rite song; the things we did last summer, I'll remember all winter long. The midway and the fun, the kewpie dolls we won, the bell I rang to prove that I was strong, the things we did last summer, I'll remember all winter long. The early morning hike, the rentedtandem bike, the lunches that we used to pack; we never could explain that sudden summer rain; the looks we got when we got back. The leaves began to fade like promises we made; how could a love that seemed so right go wrong? The things we did last summer, I'll remember all winter long.
Harry Von Tilzer, Andrew B. Sterling - Wait Till the Sun Shines Nellie.xml
wait till the sun shines, nel lie, when the clouds go drift ing. by; we will be so hap py, nel lie, don't let me hear you sigh ing don't let me hear you cry ing, down lov er's lane we'll wand er, sweet hearts you and i if you will wait till the sun shines. nel bye and bye hap py to geth er, er but it all de pends the weath er man, nel lie oh nel lie now don't you sit there and sigh, if you will wait till the sun shines, nel lie, by bye bye and bye
Francis Henry, Madeline Hyde - Little Girl.xml
Little girl youre the one girl for me litle girl youre as sweet as can be just a glance at you meant love from the start annd oh what a thrill came into my heart little girl with your cute little ways I am yours for the rest of my days and this great big world will be divine little girl when yours mine all mine
Dick Gasparre, George Fragos, Jack Baker - I Hear a Rhapsody.xml
And when I hear you call so softly to me, I don't hear a call at all, I hear a rhapsody. And when your sparkling eyes are smiling at me, then soft through the starlit skies I hear a rhapsody. My days are so blue when you're away. My heart longs for you, so won't you stay? My darling, hold me tight and whisper to me. Then soft through a starry night I hear a rhapsody.
Merle Haggard, Ray Edward Burris - Okie from Muskogee.xml
We dont smoke marijuana in Musko gee We dont take our trips on L. S. D. We dont burn our draft cards down on main street Cause we like living right and being free and I'm proud to be an Okie from Muskogee A place where even squares can have a ball We still wave old Gloryat the courthouse and white lightnings still the biggest thrill of all
Donna Fargo - Funny Face.xml
Funny face I love you Funny face I need you, my whole world's wrapped up in you. When the road I walk seems all uphill and the colors in my rainbow turn blue You kiss the tears away you smile at me and say funny face funny face I love you Funny face I love you funny face I need you these are the sweetest words I've ever heard funny face don't leave me funny face believe me My whole worlds wrapped up in you And when hurt your feelings as I sometimes do and I say those mean things we know are not true You forgive my childish way you hold me close and say you.
Kui Lee - Lahaina Luna.xml
I am going to the island of the valleys to Lahaina Lahaina Luna where the mountains are green you will find me in Lahaina Lahaina Luna they say that Mauinoka OI and I agree cause Mauuinoka OI is the only place for me thats where you'll find me down by the seaside watching the moonlight the twinkling starlight the morning sunshine the golden sunset in Lahaina Lahaina Luna I am Lu na.
Lionel Bart - Where Is Love.xml
Where is love? Does it fall from skies above? Is it underneath the willow tree that I've been dreaming of? Where is she who I close my eyes to see? Will I ever know the sweet "hello" that's meant for only me? Who can say where she may hide? Must I travel far and wide Till I am beside the someone who I can mean something to? Where, Where is love? Ev'ry night I kneel and pray, let tomorrow be the day, when I see the face of someone who I can mean something to. Where, Where is love?
Harold Arlen, Ted Koehler - Stormy Weather.xml
Don't know why there's no sun up in the sky, Stormy Weather, since my gal and I ain't together, keeps rainin' all the time. Life is bare gloom and mis'ry ev'rywhere, Stormy Weather, just can't get my poor self together, I'm weary all the time, the time. So weary all the time. When she went a way the blues walked in and met me. If she stays away old rockin' chair will get me. All I do is pray the Lord above will let me walk in the sun once more. Can't go on, ev'rything I had is gone, Stormy Weather, since my gal and I ain't together, keeps rainin' all the time. Keeps rainin' all the time.
Herb Wiener, John Gluck Jr, Wally Gold - It's My Party.xml
Nobody knows where my Johnny has gone but Judy left the same time why was he holding her hand when he's supposed to be mine? It's my party and I'll cry if I want to Cry if I want to Cry if I want to You would cry too if it happened to you. Play all my records keep danc ing all night but leave me alone for a while Til Johnny's dancing with me I've got no reason to smile. Judy and Johnny just walked thru the door like a queen with her king Oh what a birthday surprise Judy's wearing his ring
Pee Wee King, Redd Stewart, Chilton Price - You Belong To Me.xml
See the pyramids along the Nile, watch the sunrise on a tropic isle just remember darling, all the while you belong to me. See the marketplace in old Algiers, send me photographs and souvenirs, just remember when a dream appears, you belong to me. I'll be so alone without you, maybe you'll be lonesome too, and blue. Fly the ocean in a silver plane, see the jungle when it's wet with rain, just remember till you're home again, you belong to me.
Victor  Schertzinger, Johnny Mercer - Tangerine.xml.1
Tangerine she is all they claim with her eyes of night and lips as bright as flame Tangerine when she dances by senoritas stare and caballeros sigh and Ive seen toasts to Tangerine raised in ev'ry bar across the Argentine yes she has them all on the run but her heeart belongs to just one her heart belongs to Tangerine.
Noel Gay, Ralph Butler - Run rabbit, run rabbit.xml
Run rabbit run rabbit run run run run rabbit run rabbit run run run bang bang bang bang goes the farmers gun so run rabbit run rabbit run run run run rabbit run rabbit run run run dont give the farmer his fun fun fun He'll get by without his rabbit pie so run rabbit run rabbit run run run.
Morty Nevins, Al Nevins, Buck Ram - Twilight Time.xml
Heavenly shades of night are falling, it's twilight time, Out of the mist your voice is calling, it's twilight time. When purple colored curtains mark the end of day, I hear you, my dear, it's twilight time. Deepening shadows gather splendor as day is done. Fingers of night will soon surrender the setting sun. I count the moments, darling, when you're here with me To gether, at last it's twilight time. Here in the afterglow of day, We keep our rendezvous beneath the blue. Here in the sweet and same old way I fall in love again as I did then. Deep in the dark your kiss will thrill me like days of old, Lighting the spark of love that fills me with dreams untold. Each day I pray for evening just to be with you, To gether at last at twilight time.
Elvis Presley, Otis Blackwell - All Shook Up.xml
Awella bless my soul what's wrong with me? I'm itching like a man on a fuzzyy tree My friends say I'm acting queer as a bug I'm in love! I'm all shook up! mm mm oh oh yeah yeah my hands are shaky and my knees are weak I can't seem to stand on my own two feet who do you thank when you have such luck please dont ask what's on my mind I'm a little mixed up but I'm feeling fine when I'm near that girl that I love best, My heart beats so it scares me to death she touched my hand what a chill I got her kisses are like a volca no that's hot I'm proud to say she's my buttercup I'm in love! I'm all shook up mm mm oh oh yeah yeah.
Dennis Morgan, Kye Fleming - Sleeping Single In A Double Bed.xml
Sleeping single in a double bed thinking over things I wish I'd said I should have held you but I let you go now I'm the one sleeping all alone sleeping single in a double bed tossing turning trying to forget I could be lying with you instead of sleeping single in a double bed I'd pour me a drink but I'd only be sorry cause drinking doubles alone it doesn't make it a party another sleepless night its the same old story when you're the only one at two in the morningI'm
Lilian Ray, Leonard Cooke - The Sunshine Of Your Smile.xml
Dear face that holds so sweet a smile for me, Were you not mine, how dark the world would be! I know no light above that could replace, Love's radiant sunshine in your dera, dear face. Give me your smile, the lovelight in your eyes, life could not hold a fairer paradise. Give me the right to love you all the while, my world forever the Sunshine Of Your Smile.
Chilton Price, Pee Wee King, Redd Stewart - Slow Coach.xml
You keep me waiting till it gets so agravating you're a slow coach I wait and worry but you never seem to hurry you're a slow coach Time means nothing to you I wait and then late again eight o' clock nine o' clock quarter to ten Why should I linger evry time you touch my finger you're a slow coach Why can't you hasten when you see the times awasting you're a slow coach dear Why should I keep trying to change you it's not the thing to do I guess I'll have to learn to be a slow coach too.
Frederick Loewe, Alan Jay Lerner - The Heather on the Hill.xml
The mist of May is in the gloamin', and all the clouds are holdin' still. So take my hand and let's go roamin', through the heather on the hill. The mornin' dew is blinin' yonder, there's lazy music in the rill. And all I want to do is wander, through the heather on the hill. There may be other days as rich and rare There may be other springs as full and fair, But they won't be the same they'll come and go. For this I know: That when the mist is in the gloamin', and all the clouds are holdin' still. If you're not there I won't be roamin', through the heather on the hill, the heather on the hill.
Hank Zeck - Start A Revival.xml
Start a revival in me. Dear Lord Jesus please start a revival in me May it come from deep within Spread to others deep in sin Oh, start a revival in me
Joe Raposo - Sing.xml
Sing! sing a song sing out loud sing out strong sing of good things, not bad sing of happy not sad sing! sing a song make it sim ple to last your whole life long dont worry that it;s not good enough for anyone else to hear sing! sing a song! La la do la da la da la do la da la da da la do la da La do la da la da la la da lo da da la do lo da La la do la da la da la do la da la da da la do la da
Kay Swift, Paul James - Fine And Dandy.xml
Gee it's all fine and dandy, Sugar Candy, when I've got you. Then I only see the sunny side,, Ev en trouble has it's funny side. When you're gone Sugar Candy I get lonesome, I get so blue. When you're handy it's fine and dandy, But when you're gone what can I do?
John Benson Brooks, Bob Russell - You Came A Long Way From St Louis.xml
You came a long way from St Louisyou climbed the ladder of success. I've seen the town and country cars that were parked out in front of your fancy address. You came a long way from St Louisyou broke a 'lotta' hearts between. I've met a gang of gloomy guys who were doin all right till you cam on the scene. You blew in from the middle west and certainly impressed the population here abouts. Well, baby I got news for you, I'm from Misisouri too, so natcherly I got my doubts. You got 'em droppin' by the wayside, a feelin' I ain't gonna know. You came along way from St Louis, But baby you still got a long way to go.
Ben Weisman, Sylvia Dee - Moonlight Swim.xml
Let's go on a moonlight swim, Far away from the crowd, all alone upon the beach, Our lips and our arms close within each other's reach will be On a moonlight swim. Let's go on a moonlight swim, To the raft we can race, and for just a little while I'll sit and pretend that you're on a desers isle with me On a moonlight swim. Though the air is cold with kisses, oh so sweet I'll keep you warm, so very warm from head to feet. Let's go on a moonlight swim, We're in love and above there's a crazy gold balloon That sits winkin' down and invitin' us to come on in On a moonlight swim. Let's go on a swim.
Bill Danoff, Taffy Nivert & John Denver - Take Me Home, Country Roads.xml
Almost heaven West Virgin ia Blue Ridge Mountains Shenandoah River life is old there older than the trees Younger than the mountains growin like a breeze country roads take me home to the place I belong West Virginia moun tain mom ma take me home country roads all my memories gathered 'round her Miner's lady, Stranger to blue Water Dark and dusty, painted on the sky Misty taste of moonshine, Teardrops in my eye I hear her voice in the mornin hours she calls me the radio reminds me of my home far away and drivin down the road I get a feelin that I should have been home yesterday yesterday country roads take me home country roads take me home coun try roads.
Stephen Street, MORRISSEY - I DON'T MIND IF YOU FORGET ME.xml
I DON'T MIND I DON'T MIND IF YOU FOR GET ME hav ing learned my les son I nev er left an im press ion on an y one so now you send me your high est re gards when once you'd send me love Sin cere ly I must tell you your mild best wish es they make me sus pic ious! the press ure to change to move on was strange and ve ry STRONG so this is why I tell you I real ly do UN DER STAND : BYE BYE JEC TION IS one thing but re ject ion from a fool is cruel RE
Jimmy Eaton & Terry Shand - I'm Gonna Lock My Heart.xml
I'm Gonna Lock My Heart and throw away the key. I'm wise to all those tricks you've played on me. I'm gonna turn my back on love, gonna snub the moon above, seal all my windows up with tin so the love bug can't get in. I'm gonna park my romance right along the curb, hang a sign upon my heart, please don't disturb, And if I never fall in love again, that's soon enough for me. I'm Gonna Lock My Heart and throw away the key
Traditional - Amazing Grace.xml
Am a zing grace how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me I once was lost but now I'm found was blind but now I see. Twas grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fear re lieved How precious did that grace appear the hour I first believed. Through Many dangers toils and snares we have al ready come Twas grace that brought us safe thus far and grace will lead us home When We've been there ten thousand years Bright shining as the sun. We've no less days to sing God's praise than when we first began. Am 2nd.time see.
David & Max Sapp - There is a River.xml
there came a sound from hea ven like a migh ty rush ing wind it filled their hearts with glad ness and gave them peace with in the pro phet gave this prom ise the Spir it will des cend and from your in ner be ing a riv er with no end There is a riv er that flows from deep with in there is a foun tian that frees the soul from sin come to the wa ter there is a vast sup ply there is a riv er that nev er shall run dry and there was a thirst y wo man she was draw ing from a well her life was wrecked and ruin ed her soul was bound for hell but then she met the mas ter and he told her of her sin and he said if you'll drink this wa ter you'll nev er thirst a gain There is a riv er that flows from deep with in there is a foun tian that frees the soul from sin come to the wa ter there is a vast sup ply there is a riv er that nev er shall run dry there is a riv er that flows from God a bove there is a foun tain that's filled with His great love come to this wat er there is a vast sup ply there is a riv er that nev er shall run dry there is a riv er that nev er shall run dry
Ann Ronell - Willow Weep For Me.xml
Willow weep for me willow weep for me Bend your branches green along the stream that runs to sea. Listen to my plea, listen willow and weep for me Gone my lover's dream lovely summer dream Gone and left me here to weep my tears into the stream, Sad as I can be hear me willowWhisper to the wind and say that love has sinned, to leave my hear abreaking and making a moan Murmer to the night to hide her starry light so none will find me signing and crying all alone oh Weeping willow tree wee in sympathy, Bend your branches down along the ground and cover me When the shadows fall bend oh willow and weep for me
Lowell Mason, Isaac Watts - Joy To The World.xml
Joy to the world! the Lord has come: Let earth receive her King: Let ev'ry heart prepare Him room, And heav'n and nature sing, And heav'n and natrue sing, And heav'n and heav'n and nature sing.
Buck Ram - My Dream.xml
My dream is a wondrous dream is a wondrous dream. It's the answer too. Wanting only you. My dream is a true delight My escape at night from a world that's blue The world we know seems so far away. And where we go is for us to say. My dream is a wealth of joy. Noone can destroy. when I dream my dream. It's no common dream. It's a wondrous dream. Dream.
W. S. Stevenson, Kenny Sowder, Carl Belew - Lonely Street.xml
Where's this place called lonely street? I'm looking for that lonely street, I've got a sad, sad tale to tell, I need a place to go and weep, Where's this place called Lonely Street? A place where there's just lonliness, Where dim lights bring forgetfulness, Where broken dreams and mem'ries meet, Where's this place called Lonely Street? Perhaps ypon that Lonely Street, There's someone such as I Who came to bury broken dreams adn watch an old love die. If I could find that Lonely Street, Where dim lights bring forgetfulness, where broken dreams and mem'ries meet, Where's this place called Lonely Street? I'm Street
Ben Speer & Harold Land 1978 - What Sins Are You Talking About.xml
I re mem ber the days when I was bent low with the bur den of sin and strife then Je sus came in and res cued me and He gave me a brand new life and now as I thank Him day af ter day for wash ing my sins a way it seems I can al most hear the voice of the bles sed Sav ior say what sins are you talk ing a bout I don't re mem ber them an y more from the Book of Life they've all been torn out I don't re mem ber them an y more when my flesh be comes weak it's then I can speak to the Sav ior who's with me each day Oh Fa ther for give me hear my plea and He wash es my sins a way each time I bow to give Him thanks for re mov ing my guilt and shame He can not re call wht I'm talking about for His answer is always the same sins are you talk ing a bout I don't re mem ber them an y more from the Book of Life they've all been torn out I don't re mem ber them an y more more
Cy Coben - The Old Piano Roll Blues.xml
I wannahear it again I wanna hear it again the old piano toll blues we're sitting at an upright my sweetie and me pushing on the pedals making sweet harmony when we hear rinkity tink and we hear plinkity plink we cuddle closer it seems and while we kiss kiss kiss away all our cares the player piano's playin razzamatazz I wanna hear it again I wanna hear it againthe old piano roll blues. I wanna
Frank Reardon, Sammy Cahn - Same Old Saturday Night.xml
Went to see a movie show found myself an empty row thought the show was just alright same old Saturday night Then I made the usual stop coffee at the coffee shop friendly face nowhere in sight same old Saturday night I really thought the papers I bought would help me forget you for a while believe me honey the funnies werent funny they didnt even make me smile How i wish you'd lift the phone fun is fun but not alone till you let me hold you tight same old Saturday night.
George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin - They All Laughed.xml
They all laughed at Christopher Columbus when he said the world was round. They all laughed when Edison recorded sound. They all laughed at Wilbur and his brohter, when they said that man could fly. They told Marconi wireless was a phony; it's the same old cry. They laughed at me wanting you, said I was reaching for the moon. But oh, you came through now they'll have to change their tune. They all said we never would be happy, they laughed at us and how! But ho, ho, ho, who's got the last laugh now? They all laughed at Rockerfeller Center, now they're fightin' to get in. They all laughed at Whitney and his cotton gin. They all laughed at Fulton and his steamboat, Hershey and his choc'late bar. Ford and his Lizzie kept the laughter busy; that's how people are. They laughed at me wanting you. said it would be hello, goodbye. But oh you came through now they're eating humble pie. They all said we'd never get together; darling. let's take a bow. For ho, ho. ho, who's got the last laugh Hee, hee, hee, Let's at the past, laugh, Ha, ha, ha, Who's got the last laugh now?
Irving Berlin - Let's Face The Music And Dance.xml
There may be trouble ahead. But while there's moonlight and music and love and romance, let's face tthe music and dance. Before the fiddlers have fled, before they ask us to pay the bill, and while we still have the chance, Let's face the music and dance. Soon we'll be without the moon, humming a diff''rent tune, and then there may be teardrops to shed. So while there's moonlight and music and love and romance, let's face the musc and dance, dance. let's face the music and dance. dance.
Harold Spina, Jack Elliott - It's So Nice To Have A Man Around The House.xml
No question about it, A man is a problem; He'll drive you out of your mind. He'll cheat and deceive you, that is if you let him; And yet; and yet, you'll find. It's so nice to have a man around the house. Oh, so nice to have a man around the house, Someone sweet who's glad he found you, Who will put his arms around you, And his kisses just astound you, It's so nice. Oh, a house is just a house without a man. He's the necessary evil in your plan. There are many things about him, you just cannot do without him, Tho' it's just a constant game of cat and mouse. It's so nice to have a man around the house. It's so nice to have a man around the house. Oh, so nice to have a man around the house, Just a guy in pipe and slippers, Who will share your breakfast kippers, And will help you zip your zippers, It's so nice, Oh, a house is just a house without a man, He's the necessayy evil in your plan. Someone kind who knows you treasure any simple little pleasure, Like a full length mink to cover last year's blouse, It's so nice to have a man around the house.
Sammy Fain, Paul Francis Webster - Love Is A Many Splendored Thing.xml
Love is a many splendored thing It's the Ap ril rose that only grows in the early spring Love is natures way of giving A reason to be living The golden crown that makes a man a king. Once on a hihg and windy hill in the morning mist two lovers kissed and the world stood still. Then your fingers touchedmy silent heart and taught it how to sing Yes true love's a many splendored thing
Curly Putman - Green, Green Grass Of Home.xml
The old hometown looks the same as I step down from the train and there to greet me is my mama and papa down the road I look and there runs Mary hair of gold and lips like cherries it's good to touch the green green grass of home Yes they'll all come to meet me, arms reaching smiling sweetly its good to touch the green, green grass of home the old house is still standing tho' the paint is cracked and dry and there's that old oaktree that I used to play one down the road I walk with my sweet Mary Yes they'll all come to see me in the shade of the old oak tree as they lay me neath the green green grass of home.
MARR, Morrissey - THE BOY WITH THE THORN IN HIS SIDE.xml
The boy with the thorn in his side be hind the hat red there lies a mur der ous de sire for love How can they look in to my eyes and still they don't be lieve me How can they hear me say those words and still they don't be lieve me and if they don't be lieve me now will they ev er be lieve me and if they don't be lieve me now will they ev er be lieve me Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohhh The boy with the torn in his side be hind the hat red there lies a plun der ous de sire for love How can they look in to my eyes and still they don't be lieve me and af ter all this time they don't want to be lieve us AND IF they don't be lieve us now will they be lieve us and when you want to live how do you start where do you go who do you need to know Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohh Ohhh
Eldo Di Lazzaro, Sunny Skylar, Valentini - Adi-Adios Amigo.xml
A diadios amigo sorry but I can not stay I found someone sweet and fair whos waiting for me there down in Santa Fe Adiadios amigo soon the wedding bells will chime guess its very plain to see how happy I will be when he's mine all mine.
Les Kettley - A passing glance.xml
When she looked at you the way I still do, I knew I'd lost you, ending years of happiness with you it can't be true, how can a pasing glance be the start of our lives just falling apart.
Murry Mencher (1930), Billy Moll - I Want A Little Girl.xml
I want a lit tle girl to love a lot, I'd give an y thing that I got for a lit tle girl who'll fall in love with me i want a little girl, she may not look like the kind in a picture book, but if she can cook she'll suit me to a "T." She don't have to wave her hair or dress in fancy clothes, and I wouldnt even care if she did n't wear silk en hose. i want a little girl to call my own. There must be some one who is all a lone just a little girl who'll fall in love with me.
Jule Styne, Sammy Cahn - Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!.xml
Oh the weather outside is frightful But the fire is so delightful, And since we've no place to go, Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. It doesn't show signs of stopping And I brought some corn for popping The lights are turned way down low Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. When we finally kiss goodnight How I'll hate going out in the storm, But if you"ll realy hold me tight All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying And my dear, we're still goodbyeing but as long as you love me so, Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow.
Vic Mizzy, Mann Curtis - My Dreams Are Getting Better All The Time.xml
Well what do you know she smiled at me in my dreams last night, My dreams are getting better all the time. And what do you know she looked at me in a diff'rent light, My dreams are getting better all the time. To think that we were strangers a couple of nights ago, And tho' it's a dream, I never dreamed she'd ever say "hello". Oh, maybe tonight I'll hold you tight when the moonbeams shine. My dreams are getting better all the time. Well time.
Bobby Scott , Ric Marlow - A Taste Of Honey.xml
Winds may blow o'er the icy sea I'll take with me the warmth of thee a taste of honey A taste much sweeter than wine I will return I'll return I'll come back for the honey and you. he ne'er came back to his love so fair and so she died dreaming of his kiss his kiss was honey A taste more bitter than wine you I'll come back for the honey and you.
Friedrich von Flotow, Thomas Moore - The Last Rose of Summer.xml
'Tis the last rose of summer, Leftbloom ing alone; All her lovely companions Are faded and gone; No flower of her kindred, No rose bud is nigh, To reflect back her blushes, or give sigh for sigh.  I'll not leave thee, thou lone one, To pine on the stem. Since the lovely are sleeping, Go sleep thou with them. Thus kindly I scatter thy leaves o'er the bed; Where thy mates of the garden, lie scentless and dead.
Claude-Michel Schonberg, Alan Boubil , Herbert Kretzmer - Bring Him Home.xml
God on high, Hear my pray'r In+ my need You have always been there. He is young. He's afraid let him rest, Heav enblest. Bring him home, bring him home, bring him home. He's like a son I might have known if God had granted me a son. The summers die, one by one. How soon they fly, on and on. And I am old and will be gone. Bring him peace, bring him joy. He is young. he is only a boy. You can take, You can give. Let him be, let him live. If I die, let me die. Let him live. Bring him home, bring him home, bring him home.
Charlie Henderson, Rudy Vallee - Deep Night.xml
Deep night stars in the sky above. Moon light lighting our place of love. Night winds seem to have gone to rest. Two eyes brightly with love are gleaming Come to my arms my darling, my sweetheart, my own. Vow that you'll love me always and be mine alone. Deep night whispering trees above. Kind night bringing you nearer, dearer and dearer Deep night, deep in the arms of love.
Thomas O. Chisholm & William J. Kirkpatrick 1897 - O To Be Like Thee.xml
O to be like Thee Bles sed Re deem er this is my con stant long ing and prayer glad ly I'll for feit all of earth's treas ures Je sus Thy per fect like ness to wear O to be like Thee O to be like Thee bles sed Re deem er pure as Thou art Come in Thy sweet ness come in Thy full ness stamp Thine own im agge deep on my heart heart
Bryan Ferry, Bryan Ferry  - LOVE IS THE DRUG.xml
(Love Is The Drug) Ain't no big thing to wait for the bell to ring ain't no big thing the toll of bell ag grav at ed spare for days I troll down town to the red light place jump up bub ble up what's in store Love Is The Drug and I need to score Show ing out Show ing out hit and run Boy meets girl where the beat goes on stitched up tight can't break free Love Is The Drug gotta hook in me Ohh catch that buzz Love is the Drug I'm think ing of Oh can't you see Love Is The Drug for me Ohh Ohh Late that night I park my car Stake my place in the sin gles bar face to face toe to toe Heart to heart as we hit the floor Lum ber up Lim bo down the locked em brace the stum ble 'round I say "GO" She say "YES" dim the lights you can guess the rest
Paul Kaufman, Bob Elgin, Lesley Gore - My Town, My Guy and Me.xml
Don't tell me a bout towns like New York 'Fris co I'm not in 'trest ed in all that small talk go go I'm more sat is fied Be ing here by my ba by's side just gim me MY TOWN, MY GUY AND ME MY TOWN, MY GUY AND ME My town's got al the oth er town's beat My town's got ev 'ry thing that I need Just gim me MY TOWN, MY GUY AND ME Don't tell me a bout all the good times I'm miss in' Noth ing's good as the time when were lov in' and kiss in' I'm hap py right here where ev er y he holds me near just gim me My town's got what no oth er town's got A guy that love's me and needs me a lot! I'm more sat is fied Be ing here by my ba by's side just gim me MY TOWN, MY GUY AND ME MY TOWN, MY GUY AND ME MY TOWN, MY GUY AND ME MY TOWN, MY GUY AND ME
Jay Livingston, Ray Evans - Mister Ed.xml
A horse is a horse, of course, of course, and no one can talk to a horse, of course. That is, of course, unless the horse is the famous Mister Ed. Go right to the source and ask the horse, he'll give you the answer that you'll endorse; He's always on a steady course. Talk to Mister Ed! People yakkityyak a streak and waste your time o' day; But Mister Ed wil never speak unless he has something to say! A horse is a horse, of course, of course, and this one'll talk 'til his voice is hoarse. You never heard of a talking horse? Well, listen to this, I am Mister Ed! A
Clarke Van Ness, Jack Palmer - Silver Dollar.xml
You can throw a silver dollar down upon the ground and it will roll because it's round, a woman never knows what a good man she's got until she turns him down So listen my honey listen to me I want you to understand that, as a silver dollar goes from hand to hand, a woman wants to hold her man A woman wants to hold her man A
May Brahe, Helen Taylor - Bless This House.xml
Bless this house O Lord we pray, Make it safe by night and day; Bless these walls, so firm and stout, keeping want and trou ble out; Bless the roof and chim neys tall, Let Thy peace lie o ver all; Bless this door, that it may prove Ev er o pen to joy and love. Bless these windows shin ing bright, Let ting in God's heav'n ly light; Bless the hearth a blaz ing there, With smoke as cend ing like a pray'r; Bless the folk who dwell with in, Keep them pure and safe from sin; Bless us all that we may be Fit, O Lord, to dwell with Thee, Bless us all that one day we May dwell, O Lord, with Thee.
Roy Orbison, Joe Melson - Crying.xml.1
I was all right for a while I could smile for a while but I saw you last night you held my hand so tight as you stopped to say "hello" oh you wished me well you couldn't tell that I'd been crying over you crying over you when you said "so long" left me standing all alone alone and crying crying crying crying it's hard to understand but the touch of your hand can start me crying I thought that I was over you but it's true oh so true I love you even more than I did before but darling what can I do? for you don't love me and I'll always be crying over you crying over you yes now you're gone and from this moment on I'll be crying crying crying crying crying
Bob Merrill & Al Hoffman - Where Will the Dimple Be?.xml
2.3.On the baby's knuckle or the baby's knee, Where will the baby's dimple be. Baby's cheek or baby's chin seems to me it'll be a sin if it's always covered by the safty pin. Where will the dimple be Where
Marvin Hamlisch, Edward Kleban - What I Did For Love.xml
Kiss today good bye the sweetness and the sorrow We did what we had to do, And I can't regret what I did for love. what I did for love. Look my eyes are dry, the fift was ours to borrow. It's as if we always knew, But I won't forget what I did for love, what I did for love. Gone, love is never gone, as we travel on, love's what we'll remember. Kiss today goodbye and point me t'ward tomorrow Wish me luck the same to you. Won't forget, can't regetwhat I did for love. what I did for love. What I did for love.
Leon Carr, Al Hoffman, Leo Corday - There's No Tomorrow.xml
There's no tomorrow when love is new, Now is forever, when love is true. So kiss me and hold me tight there's no tomorrow, there's just tonight. Love is a flower that blooms so tender, Each kiss a dewdrop of sweet surrender. Love is a moment of life enchanting Let's take that moment that tonight is granting. There's no to
Edward Heyman, Carmen Lombardo, John Jacob Loeb - Boo-Hoo.xml
BooHoo you've got me crying for you. And as I sit here and sigh, Says I, "I cna't believe it's true. BooHoo I'll tell my mamma on you. The little game that you played has made her baby oh! so blue. You left me in the lurch You left me waiting at the church, BooHoo That's why I'm crying for you Some day you'll feel like I do And you'll be BooHooHooing too.
Les Kettley - She said la la la .xml
Was on the net where we both met, sent emails to each other, when photos followed I knew she was the one, but when I asked her for a date to get to know her better, straight back came her reply which simply read, la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la. la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
Oren E. Munger - Let The Dew Of Heaven.xml
Let the dew of heaven fall upon my thirsty soul, Let the dew of heaven fall on me. Blessed Holy Spirit come and take complete control Let the dew of heaven fall on me.
Franz  Lehar, Adrian Ross - Vilia.xml
There once was a Vilia, A witch of a wood, A hunter beheld her alone as she stood. The spell of her beauty upon him was laid; He look'd and he long'd for the magical maid! For a sudden tremor ran, Right thro' the lovebewilder'd man, And he sigh'd as a hapless lover can. "Vilia, O Vilia! the witch of the wood! Would I not die for you, dear, if I could! Vilia, O Vilia, my love and my bride!" Softly and sadly he sigh'd "Vilia, O Vilia, the witch of the wood! Would I not die for you, dear, if I could? Vilia, O Vilia, my love and my bride!" Softly and sadly he sigh'd
Gerry Marsden - Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying.xml
Don't let the sun catch you cryin'. The night's the time for all your Your heart may be broken tonight but tomorrow in the morning lig ht don't let the sun catch you cryin'. the night time shadows disapand with them go all your  For the morning will bring joy to every girl and boy. So, don't let the sun catch you cryin'. We know that cryin's not a bad  but stop your cryin' when the birds sing. It may be hard to discover that you've been left for ather. But don't forget that love's a game and it can always come again. Oh, Oh! Don't let the sun catch you cryin'; Don't let the sun catch you cryin'. Oh No! Oh, Oh, Oh!
Adam Geibel, William C. Gannett - Sleep, My Little Jesus.xml
Sleep, my little Jesus, On Thy bed of hay, While the shepherds homeward Journey on their way. Mother isThy shepherd And will her viggil keep; Did the voices wake thee? O sleep, my Jesus sleep! Softly sleep, sweetly sleep! My Jesus, sleep!
Billy Sherrill & Glenn Sutton - I Don't Wanna Play House.xml
Today I sat alone at the window and I watched our little girl out side at play with the little boy next door. Like so many times before, But somethin' didn't seem quite right today. So I went outside to see what they were doin' And then the teardrops made my eyes grow dim 'Cause I heard him name a game and I hung my head in shame When I heard our littler girl say to him. "I don't wanna play house I know it can't be fun; I've watched Mommy and Daddy and if that's the way it's done, I don't wanna play house It makes my Mommy cry, 'Cause when she played house my Daddy said Goodbye" "I don't wanna play house
Paul Williams, Kenneth Ascher - Rainbow Connection.xml
Why are there so many songs about rainbows and what's on the other side? rainbows are visions but only illusions and rainbows have nothing to hide So we've been told and some choose to believe it but I know they're wrong wait and see and someday we'll find it the rainbow connection the lovers the dreamers and me
Acker Bilk, Robert Mellin - Stranger On The Shore.xml.1
Here I stand watching the tide go out, So all alone and blue just dreaming deams of you. I watched your ship as it sailed out to sea, Taking all my dreams and taking all of me. The sighing of the waves, the wailing of the wind, the tears in my eyes burn pleading, "My love, return." Why, oh, why must I go on like this? Shall I just be a lonely stranger on the shore? shore?
Richard Whiting, Newell Chase, Leo Robin - My Ideal.xml
Long ago my heart and mind; got together and designed the wonderful (girl) for me, Oh what a fanta sy. Tho the idol of my heart can't be ordered a la carte I wonder if (she) will be always a fantasy. Will I ever find the (girl) of my mind the one who is my ideal? Maybe (she's) a dream and yet (she) might be just around the corner waiting for me. Will I recognize a light in (her) eyes that no other eyes reveal? Or will I pass (her) by and never even know that (she) is my ideal deal. my ideal.
Sy Oliver - Opus One.xml
I'm wrackin' my brain, to think of a name to give to this tune, so Perry can croon, and maybe ol' Bing will give it a fling. And that'll start ev'ryone hummin' the thing. The melody's dumb, repeat an' repeat. but if you can swing, it's got a good beat. And that's the main thing, to make with the feet. 'Cause ev'ryone is swingin' today. So I'll call it Opus One! It's not for Sammy Kaye. Hey! Hey! Hey! It's Opus One! It's got to swing, not sway. Maybe, If Mister Les Brown could make it renoun, and Ray Anthony could swing it for me. There's never a doubt you'll knock yourself out. Whenever you can hear Opus One.
Arthur Johnston, Gus Kahn - Thanks A Million.xml
Thanks a million, a million thanks to you, For ev'rything that love could bring you brought me. Each tender loveword you happened to say, Is hidden away, In mem'ry's bouquet. Thanks a million, for I remember too, the tenderness that your caresses taught me. You made a million dreams come true and so I'ms saying thanks a million to you. you.
Steve Richardson 1988 - Daystar.xml
Li lly of the Val ley let your sweet a rom a fill my life Rose of Sha ron show me how to grow in beau ty in God's sight Cher sihed of ten thou sand make me a re flec tion of your Light Day star shine down on me let your love shine through me in the night lead me Lord I'll fol low an y where you o pen up the door let me know your wis dom show me things I've nev er seen be fore Lord I want to be Your wit ness You can take what's wrong and make it right Day Star shine down on me let your love shine through me in the night Lord I see a world that's dy ing wound ed by the mas ter of de ceit grop ing in the dark ness haunt ed by the years of past de feat but then I see you stand ing ne ar me shin ing with com pas sion in your eyes Je sus shine down on me let your love shine through me in the night lead me Lord I'll fol low an y where you o pen up the door let me know your wis dom show me things I've nev er seen be fore Lord I want to be Your wit ness You can take what's wrong and make it right Day Star shine down on me let your love shine through me in the night lead me Lord I'll fol low an y where you o pen up the door let me know your wis dom show me things I've nev er seen be fore Lord I want to be Your wit ness You can take what's wrong and make it right Day star shine down on me let your love shine through me in the night Day star shine down on me let your love shine through me in the night Day star shine down on me let your love shine through me in the night
Jules Styne, Sammy Cahn - Guess I'll Hang My Tears Out To Dry.xml
When I want rain, I get sunny weather, I'm just as blue as the sky. Since love is gone, can't pull myself together, guess I'll hang my tears out to dry. Friends ask me out, I tell them I'm busy, must get a new alibi. I stay at home, and ask myself where is she, guess I'll hang my tears out to dry. Dry little teardrops, my little teardrops, hanging on a string of dreams. Fly little mem'ries, my little mem'ries remind her of our crazy schemes. Somebody said, just forget about her, I gave that treatment a try. Strange ly enough, I got along without her, then one day she passed me right by, oh well, I guess I'll hang my tears out to dry.
Bennie Benjamin, George David Weiss - Cross Over The Bridge.xml
If you're a guy who had a girl in each and evry port and you forget the rules of love that life has always taught and if you broke as many hearts as ripples in a stream well brother heres the only way that you can be redeemed Cross over the bridge cross over the bridge change your reckless way of living cross over the bridge leave your fickle past behind you and true romance will find you brother cross over the bridge If you have built a boat to take you to the greener side and if that boat is built of evry lie you ever lied you'll never reach the promised land of love I guarantee cause lies cannot hold water and you'll sink into the sea.
Steuart Hamblin 1954 - This Ole House.xml
This ole house once knew his children this ole house once knew his wife this ole house was home and comfort as they fought the storms of life this ole house once rang with laughter this ole house heard many shouts now he trembles in the darkness when the lightnin walks about Ain't a gonna need this house no longer ain't agonna need this house no more Ain't got time to fix the shingles ain't got time to fix the floor ain't got time to oil the hinges not to mend no window panes Ain't gonna need this house no longer I'm a gettin ready to meet the saints This ole house once knew his children this ole house once knew his wife this ole house was home and comfort as they fought the storms of life this ole house once rang with laughter this ole house heard many shouts now he trembles in the darkness when the lightnin walks about Ain't a gonna need this house no longer ain't agonna need this house no more Ain't got time to fix the shingles ain't got time to fix the floor ain't got time to oil the hinges not to mend no window panes Ain't gonna need this house no longer I'm a gettin ready to meet the saints
Maurice Yvain, Channing Pollock - My Man.xml
It's cost me a lot, but there's one thing that I've got, it's my man. Cold and wet, tired you bet, but all that I soon forget with my man. He's not much for looks, and no hero out of books, is my man. Two or three girls has he, that he likes as much as me, But I love him! I don't know why I should, He isn't good, He isn't true, He beats me too, what can I do? Oh, my man I love him so, he'll never know, All my life is just despair, But I don't care, When he takes me in his arms the world is bright and right; What's the diff'rence if I say I'll go away, When I know I'll come back on my knees some day? For whatever my man is, I am his forever more!
Irving Berlin - My Defences Are Down.xml
My defences are down, she's broken my resistance and I don't know where I am. I went into the fight like a lion but I came out like a lamb. My defences are down, she's got me where she wants me and I can't escape nohow. I could speak to my heart when it weakened, but my heart won't listen now. Like a toothless clawless tiger, like an organ grinder's bear, like a knight without his armour, like Samson without his hair. My defences are down, I might as well surrender for the battle can't be won, but I must confess that I like it so there's nothing to be done. Yes, I must confess that I like it, being mis'rable is gonna be fun. My de fun. I've had my way with so many girls and it was lots of fun. My system was to know many girls, 'twould keep me safe from one. I find it can't be done.
Randy Edelman - Weekend In New England.xml
Last night I said goodbye, Now it seems years. I'm back in the city nothing is thoughts of me holding you, bringing us near. And tell me, When will our eyes meet? When can I touch you? When will this strong yearning end? And when will I hold you again? I feel the change comin' I feel the wind blow. I feel brave and daring, I feel my blood flow. With you I could bring out all the love that I have. you there's a heaven, So earth ain't so bad. And tell me,
Erno Rapee and Lew Pollack - Charmaine (with verse).xml
(female version)You went away one dreary day, I knew you had gto go 'Mid tears and cheers, I heard you say, "Charmaine!" I love you so. Tho' old years turn to new, My heart keeps calling you. I wonder why you keep me waiting, Charmaine cries in vain, I wonder when bluebirds are mating, Will you come back again, I wonder if I keep on praying, will our dreams be the same. I wonder if you ever think of me, too; Charmaine's waiting, just waiting, for you. I wonder why you keep me waiting, Charmaine my Charmaine, I wonder when bluebirds are mating, Will you come back again, I wonder if I keep on praying will our dreams be the same, I wonder if you ever think of me, too. I am waiting, my Charmaine for you.
Spencer Williams, Jack Palmer - Everybody Loves My Baby.xml
Evrybody loves my baby but my baby don't love nobody but me Nobody but me Evrybody wants my baby but my baby don't wan nobody but me that's plain to see She is my swet Patootie and I am her lovin man Knows how to do her duty loves me like no other can that's why evrybody loves my baby but my baby don't love nobody but me Nobody but me me
